abaxial, dorsal
adaxial, ventral
abducent, abducting
adducent, adductive
adducent, adducting
emergent, emerging
cut, shortened
full-length, uncut
implicit, unquestioning
relative, comparative
absorbent, absorptive
absorbefacient, sorbefacient
assimilating, assimilative
assimilating, assimilatory
spongy, spongelike
nonabsorbent, nonabsorptive
repellent, resistant
adsorbent, adsorptive
adsorbent, surface-assimilative
chemisorptive, chemosorptive
nonadsorbent, nonadsorptive
adsorbable, adsorbate
abstinent, abstentious
ascetic, ascetical
ascetic, austere
ascetic, spartan
crapulent, crapulous
edacious, esurient
edacious, rapacious
edacious, ravening
edacious, ravenous
edacious, voracious
edacious, wolfish
hoggish, piggish
hoggish, piggy
hoggish, porcine
hoggish, swinish
overgreedy, too-greedy
conceptional, ideational
conceptional, notional
ideological, ideologic
real, tangible
abounding, galore
ample, copious
ample, plenteous
ample, plentiful
ample, rich
copious, voluminous
exuberant, lush
exuberant, luxuriant
exuberant, profuse
exuberant, riotous
overabundant, plethoric
overabundant, rife
abused, ill-treated
abused, maltreated
abused, mistreated
unexceptionable, unimpeachable
exceptionable, objectionable
approachable, reachable
come-at-able, get-at-able
come-at-able, getatable
inaccessible, unaccessible
outback, remote
pathless, roadless
pathless, trackless
pathless, untracked
pathless, untrod
pathless, untrodden
unapproachable, unreachable
unapproachable, unreached
un-come-at-able, un-get-at-able
un-come-at-able, ungetatable
accommodating, accommodative
complaisant, obliging
unaccommodating, unobliging
disobliging, uncooperative
close, faithful
high-fidelity, hi-fi
veracious, right
away, outside
faulty, incorrect
faulty, wrong
alkaline, alkalic
alkalescent, alcalescent
amphoteric, amphiprotic
acidophilic, acidophilous
acidophilic, aciduric
accepted, recognized
accepted, recognised
given, granted
unappreciated, unsung
unappreciated, unvalued
unavowed, secret
unrecognized, unrecognised
avaricious, covetous
avaricious, grabby
avaricious, grasping
avaricious, greedy
avaricious, prehensile
predaceous, predacious
predaceous, predatory
rapacious, ravening
rapacious, voracious
about, astir
acrobatic, athletic
acrobatic, gymnastic
agile, nimble
agile, quick
agile, spry
hyperactive, overactive
desk-bound, deskbound
abeyant, dormant
hypoactive, underactive
inert, sluggish
inert, soggy
inert, torpid
dull, slow
dull, sluggish
idle, unused
activist, activistic
passive, inactive
resistless, supine
resistless, unresisting
dormant, inactive
alive, live
active, dynamic
actual, existent
potential, possible
adaptive, adaptative
accommodative, reconciling
dysfunctional, nonadaptive
alcoholic, alcohol-dependent
dependent, dependant
dependent, drug-addicted
dependent, hooked
dependent, strung-out
addictive, habit-forming
accumulative, cumulative
addable, addible
extra, additional
complemental, complementary
complemental, completing
summational, summative
supplementary, supplemental
adequate, equal
inadequate, unequal
deficient, lacking
deficient, wanting
incapable, incompetent
short-handed, short-staffed
short-handed, undermanned
short-handed, understaffed
agglutinate, agglutinative
coherent, tenacious
gluey, glutinous
gluey, gummy
gluey, mucilaginous
gluey, pasty
gluey, sticky
gluey, viscid
gluey, viscous
gooey, icky
gummed, gummy
pitchy, resinous
pitchy, resiny
pitchy, tarry
nonglutinous, nonviscid
nonresinous, non-resinous
nonresinous, nonresiny
nonresinous, non-resiny
adjective, procedural
substantive, essential
adorned, decorated
beady, gemmed
beady, jeweled
beady, jewelled
beady, sequined
beady, spangled
beady, spangly
bespectacled, monocled
bespectacled, spectacled
brocaded, embossed
brocaded, raised
champleve, cloisonne
clinquant, tinseled
clinquant, tinselly
crested, plumed
crested, topknotted
crested, tufted
feathery, feathered
feathery, plumy
frilled, frilly
frilled, ruffled
paneled, wainscoted
tasseled, tasselled
unadorned, undecorated
plain, bare
plain, spare
plain, unembellished
plain, unornamented
clean, neat
clever, cunning
clever, ingenious
coordinated, co-ordinated
deft, dexterous
deft, dextrous
light-fingered, nimble-fingered
bumbling, bungling
bumbling, butterfingered
bumbling, ham-fisted
bumbling, ham-handed
bumbling, handless
bumbling, heavy-handed
bumbling, left-handed
inept, tactless
unmechanical, nonmechanical
beneficial, good
plus, positive
discriminatory, preferential
minus, negative
adventurous, adventuresome
audacious, daring
audacious, venturesome
audacious, venturous
swaggering, swashbuckling
better, best
inadvisable, unadvisable
well-advised, advised
ill-advised, unadvised
aerobic, aerophilic
aerobic, aerophilous
anaerobic, anaerobiotic
aesthetic, esthetic
aesthetic, aesthetical
aesthetic, esthetical
cosmetic, enhancive
inaesthetic, unaesthetic
inartistic, unartistic
smitten, stricken
smitten, struck
uninfluenced, unswayed
uninfluenced, untouched
affected, unnatural
agonistic, strained
artificial, contrived
artificial, hokey
artificial, stilted
constrained, forced
constrained, strained
lifelike, natural
affirmative, affirmatory
dissentient, dissenting
dissentient, dissident
afeard, afeared
aghast, appalled
aghast, dismayed
aghast, shocked
frightened, scared
horrified, horror-stricken
horrified, horror-struck
hydrophobic, aquaphobic
panicky, panicked
panicky, panic-stricken
panicky, panic-struck
panicky, terrified
panicky, frightened
terror-stricken, terror-struck
unafraid, fearless
unblinking, unflinching
unblinking, unintimidated
unblinking, unshrinking
battleful, bellicose
battleful, combative
competitive, militant
hard-hitting, high-pressure
predatory, rapacious
predatory, raptorial
predatory, ravening
predatory, vulturine
predatory, vulturous
pugnacious, rough
unaggressive, nonaggressive
aroused, emotional
aroused, excited
distraught, overwrought
jolted, shaken
feverish, hectic
frantic, frenetic
frantic, phrenetic
frantic, frenzied
churning, roiling
churning, roiled
churning, roily
churning, turbulent
churning, churned-up
rippled, ruffled
annoying, bothersome
annoying, galling
annoying, irritating
annoying, nettlesome
annoying, pesky
annoying, pestering
annoying, pestiferous
annoying, plaguy
annoying, plaguey
annoying, teasing
annoying, vexatious
annoying, vexing
harsh, abrasive
nerve-racking, nerve-wracking
nerve-racking, stressful
nerve-racking, trying
air-to-surface, air-to-ground
alert, watchful
argus-eyed, open-eyed
argus-eyed, vigilant
argus-eyed, wakeful
heads-up, wide-awake
lidless, sleepless
unalert, unwatchful
unalert, unvigilant
assignable, conveyable
assignable, negotiable
assignable, transferable
assignable, transferrable
inalienable, unalienable
absolute, infrangible
absolute, inviolable
nontransferable, unassignable
nontransferable, untransferable
alive, live
asleep, deceased
asleep, departed
asleep, gone
bloodless, exsanguine
bloodless, exsanguinous
breathless, inanimate
breathless, pulseless
deathlike, deathly
lifeless, exanimate
extinct, out
alphabetic, alphabetical
alphabetized, alphabetised
altruistic, selfless
egoistic, egoistical
egoistic, egocentric
egoistic, self-centered
egoistic, self-centred
self-absorbed, self-involved
double-barreled, double-barrelled
enigmatic, oracular
multivalent, multi-valued
polysemous, polysemantic
pushful, pushy
aspirant, aspiring
aspirant, wishful
compulsive, determined
compulsive, driven
manque, would-be
unambitious, ambitionless
full, good
wide, wide-cut
wide, full
meager, meagre
meager, meagerly
meager, stingy
meager, scrimpy
bare, scanty
bare, spare
measly, miserable
measly, paltry
constructive-metabolic, energy-storing
catabolic, katabolic
destructive-metabolic, energy-releasing
anastigmatic, stigmatic
katabatic, catabatic
analogue, analog
analogue, linear
analytic, analytical
synthetic, synthetical
analytic, uninflected
agglutinative, polysynthetic
analytic, analytical
synthetic, synthetical
aggravated, provoked
angered, enraged
angered, furious
angered, infuriated
angered, maddened
choleric, irascible
huffy, mad
huffy, sore
indignant, incensed
indignant, outraged
indignant, umbrageous
irate, ireful
smoldering, smouldering
wrathful, wroth
wrathful, wrothful
acrimonious, bitter
sentient, animate
insentient, insensate
inanimate, nonliving
inanimate, non-living
animated, alive
enlivened, spirited
reanimated, revived
anonymous, anon.
nameless, unidentified
nameless, unknown
nameless, unnamed
binomial, binominal
postmortem, postmortal
anterior, prior
anticipatory, prevenient
preexistent, pre-existent
preexistent, preexisting
preexistent, pre-existing
attendant, consequent
attendant, accompanying
attendant, concomitant
attendant, incidental
attendant, ensuant
attendant, resultant
attendant, sequent
later, ulterior
later, posterior
semiaquatic, subaquatic
subaqueous, subaquatic
subaqueous, submerged
subaqueous, submersed
subaqueous, underwater
amphibiotic, semiaquatic
above-mentioned, above-named
introductory, prefatorial
introductory, prefatory
preparatory, preparative
preparatory, propaedeutic
previous, old
back-to-back, consecutive
following, undermentioned
following, next
new, unexampled
prenatal, antenatal
prenatal, antepartum
postnatal, postpartum
back, hind
back, hinder
appetizing, appetising
mouth-watering, savory
mouth-watering, savoury
unappetizing, unappetising
offish, standoffish
proper, right
improper, wrong
collect, cod
collectible, collectable
collectible, payable
delinquent, overdue
apposite, apt
apposite, pertinent
amphiprostylar, amphiprostyle
amphiprostylar, amphistylar
amphiprostylar, porticoed
prostyle, pseudoprostyle
peristylar, pseudoperipteral
columniform, columnar
columniform, columnlike
noncolumned, uncolumned
arboreal, arboreous
arboreal, tree-living
arenaceous, sandy
arenaceous, sandlike
argillaceous, clayey
equipped, weaponed
militarized, militarised
defenseless, defenceless
armored, armoured
armor-clad, armour-clad
armor-clad, armor-plated
armor-clad, armour-plated
armor-clad, steel-plated
mail-clad, mailed
unarmored, unarmoured
barbed, barbellate
barbed, briary
barbed, briery
barbed, bristled
barbed, bristly
barbed, burred
barbed, burry
barbed, prickly
barbed, setose
barbed, setaceous
barbed, spiny
barbed, thorny
clawed, taloned
thornless, spineless
armored, armoured
scaly, scaley
scaly, scaled
unarmored, unarmoured
crafty, cunning
crafty, dodgy
crafty, foxy
crafty, guileful
crafty, knavish
crafty, slick
crafty, sly
crafty, tricksy
crafty, tricky
crafty, wily
cute, precious
designing, scheming
eloquent, facile
eloquent, fluent
eloquent, silver
eloquent, silver-tongued
eloquent, smooth-spoken
inarticulate, unarticulate
aphonic, voiceless
dumb, mute
dumb, silent
incoherent, tongue-tied
mute, tongueless
mute, unspoken
mute, wordless
speechless, dumb
nonspeaking, walk-on
articulated, articulate
discredited, disgraced
discredited, dishonored
discredited, shamed
embarrassed, humiliated
embarrassed, mortified
guilty, hangdog
guilty, shamefaced
guilty, shamed
shamefaced, sheepish
audacious, barefaced
audacious, bodacious
audacious, bald-faced
audacious, brassy
audacious, brazen
audacious, brazen-faced
audacious, insolent
shameless, unblushing
unabashed, unembarrassed
assertive, self-asserting
assertive, self-assertive
emphatic, forceful
reticent, self-effacing
reticent, retiring
associative, associatory
attached, committed
bespoken, betrothed
unattached, uncommitted
unengaged, unpledged
unengaged, unpromised
glued, pasted
unaffixed, loose
sessile, stalkless
pedunculate, stalked
free-swimming, unattached
freestanding, separate
bindable, bondable
captive, absorbed
captive, engrossed
captive, enwrapped
captive, intent
captive, wrapped
advertent, heedful
absent, absentminded
absent, abstracted
absent, scatty
distracted, distrait
dreamy, moony
dreamy, woolgathering
drowsy, oscitant
drowsy, yawning
forgetful, oblivious
bewitching, captivating
bewitching, enchanting
bewitching, enthralling
bewitching, entrancing
bewitching, fascinating
charismatic, magnetic
cunning, cute
engaging, piquant
fetching, taking
fetching, winning
glossy, showy
hypnotic, mesmeric
hypnotic, mesmerizing
hypnotic, spellbinding
homely, plain
unprepossessing, unpresentable
attention-getting, catchy
ascribable, due
ascribable, imputable
ascribable, referable
unattributable, unascribable
attributive, prenominal
big, enceinte
big, expectant
big, gravid
big, great
big, large
big, heavy
audible, hearable
inaudible, unhearable
breathed, voiceless
silent, unsounded
supersonic, ultrasonic
sonic, transonic
bright, hopeful
bright, promising
fortunate, rosy
inauspicious, unfortunate
golden, favorable
golden, favourable
golden, lucky
golden, prosperous
ill, inauspicious
ill, ominous
authorized, authorised
accredited, commissioned
accredited, licensed
accredited, licenced
approved, sanctioned
canonized, canonised
canonized, glorified
empowered, sceptered
empowered, sceptred
unauthorized, unauthorised
unaccredited, unlicensed
unaccredited, unlicenced
autoecious, homoecious
autogenous, autogenic
self-generated, self-produced
heterogenous, heterogeneous
autoloading, self-loading
autoloading, semiautomatic
automated, machine-controlled
automated, machine-driven
self-acting, self-activating
self-acting, self-moving
self-acting, self-regulating
hand-operated, non-automatic
gettable, getable
gettable, obtainable
gettable, procurable
inaccessible, unobtainable
inaccessible, unprocurable
inaccessible, untouchable
astir, up
insomniac, sleepless
insomniac, watchful
unsleeping, wide-awake
waking, wakeful
dormant, hibernating
dormant, torpid
drowsy, drowsing
drowsy, dozy
sleepy, sleepy-eyed
sleepy, sleepyheaded
slumberous, slumbery
slumberous, slumbrous
slumberous, somnolent
styptic, hemostatic
aware, cognizant
aware, cognisant
alert, alive
alert, awake
unaware, incognizant
oblivious, unmindful
appalling, dismaying
atrocious, frightful
atrocious, horrifying
atrocious, horrible
atrocious, ugly
awful, dire
awful, direful
awful, dread
awful, dreaded
awful, dreadful
awful, fearful
awful, fearsome
awful, frightening
awful, horrendous
awful, horrific
awful, terrible
baleful, forbidding
baleful, menacing
baleful, minacious
baleful, minatory
baleful, ominous
baleful, sinister
baleful, threatening
bloodcurdling, hair-raising
bloodcurdling, nightmarish
chilling, scarey
chilling, scary
chilling, shivery
chilling, shuddery
creepy, creepy-crawly
formidable, redoubtable
formidable, unnerving
ghastly, grim
ghastly, grisly
ghastly, gruesome
ghastly, macabre
ghastly, sick
terrific, terrifying
assuasive, soothing
comforting, consolatory
comforting, consoling
unreassuring, worrisome
backmost, hindermost
backmost, hindmost
backmost, rearmost
rear, rearward
advance, advanced
foremost, frontmost
frontal, head-on
directing, directional
directing, directive
directing, guiding
hardbacked, hardback
hardbacked, hardbound
hardbacked, hardcover
razorback, razor-backed
backswept, sweptback
cacuminal, retroflex
converse, reversed
converse, transposed
inverse, reverse
rearward, reverse
reflexive, self-referent
retral, retrograde
retroflex, retroflexed
returning, reversive
guardant, gardant
guardant, full-face
headfirst, headlong
bashful, blate
brash, cheeky
brash, nervy
bumptious, self-assertive
fresh, impertinent
fresh, impudent
fresh, overbold
fresh, smart
fresh, saucy
fresh, sassy
fresh, wise
assumptive, assuming
assumptive, presumptuous
barreled, barrelled
unbarreled, unbarrelled
duckbill, duck-billed
short-beaked, short-billed
stratified, bedded
foliate, foliated
foliate, foliaceous
laminar, laminal
layered, superimposed
ferned, ferny
fernlike, ferny
rushlike, sedgelike
bald, bald-headed
bald, bald-pated
beardless, smooth-faced
hairy, haired
hairy, hirsute
canescent, hoary
coarse-haired, coarse-furred
comate, comose
comate, comal
curly-haired, curly-coated
dark-haired, dark-coated
downy, pubescent
downy, puberulent
downy, sericeous
furred, furry
fuzzed, fuzzy
glossy-haired, glossy-coated
glossy-haired, glossy-furred
lanate, woolly
pilous, pilose
pilous, pilary
tomentose, tomentous
velvety-furred, velvety-haired
wire-haired, wiry-coated
wooly, woolly
wooly, wooly-haired
wooly, woolly-haired
awned, awny
load-bearing, supporting
bonny, bonnie
bonny, comely
bonny, fair
bonny, sightly
fine-looking, good-looking
fine-looking, better-looking
fine-looking, handsome
fine-looking, well-favored
fine-looking, well-favoured
glorious, resplendent
glorious, splendid
glorious, splendiferous
grotesque, monstrous
hideous, repulsive
ill-favored, ill-favoured
unlovely, unpicturesque
bellyless, flat-bellied
beltlike, belt-like
unbelted, beltless
baleful, baneful
malefic, malevolent
malefic, malign
malefic, evil
despiteful, spiteful
despiteful, vindictive
bitchy, catty
bitchy, cattish
poisonous, venomous
poisonous, vicious
benign, benignant
champion, prizewinning
high-grade, top-quality
high-grade, top-grade
first, foremost
first, world-class
go-to-meeting, Sunday-go-to-meeting
optimum, optimal
unexcelled, unexceeded
unexcelled, unsurpassed
last, last-place
last, lowest
pessimal, pessimum
fitter, healthier
worse, worsened
ameliorating, ameliorative
ameliorating, amelioratory
ameliorating, meliorative
biface, bifacial
Janus-faced, two-faced
moon-faced, round-faced
unilateral, one-sided
multilateral, many-sided
bilateral, two-sided
bipartite, two-part
bipartite, two-way
quadrilateral, four-sided
quadripartite, four-party
trilateral, triangular
trilateral, three-sided
tripartite, three-party
tripartite, three-way
binaural, biaural
stereophonic, stereo
stereophonic, two-channel
mono, monophonic
mono, single-channel
binucleate, binuclear
binucleate, binucleated
mononuclear, mononucleate
trinucleate, trinuclear
trinucleate, trinucleated
bipedal, biped
bipedal, two-footed
quadrupedal, quadruped
quadrupedal, four-footed
African-American, Afro-American
colored, coloured
colored, dark
colored, dark-skinned
colored, non-white
Caucasian, Caucasoid
blond, blonde
blond, light-haired
ash-blonde, platinum-blonde
ash-blonde, towheaded
fair, fairish
flaxen, sandy
brunet, brunette
bronzed, suntanned
bronzed, tanned
brown, browned
dark-haired, black-haired
dark-haired, brown-haired
dark-skinned, dusky
dark-skinned, swart
dark-skinned, swarthy
acned, pimpled
acned, pimply
acned, pustulate
blebbed, blebby
marred, scarred
pocked, pockmarked
unblemished, unmarred
unblemished, unmutilated
stainless, unstained
stainless, unsullied
stainless, untainted
stainless, untarnished
bloodstained, gory
bloodthirsty, bloody-minded
bloodthirsty, sanguinary
crimson, red
crimson, violent
homicidal, murderous
gory, sanguinary
gory, sanguineous
gory, slaughterous
gory, butcherly
nonviolent, unbloody
audacious, brave
audacious, dauntless
audacious, fearless
audacious, hardy
audacious, intrepid
audacious, unfearing
daredevil, temerarious
foolhardy, heady
foolhardy, rash
foolhardy, reckless
heroic, heroical
overreaching, vaulting
fearful, timorous
fearful, trepid
mousy, mousey
chained, enchained
fettered, shackled
furled, rolled
trussed, tied
unchained, unfettered
unchained, unshackled
unchained, untied
laced, tied
unlaced, untied
tied, fastened
untied, unfastened
afoul, foul
afoul, fouled
enmeshed, intermeshed
knotty, snarled
knotty, snarly
disentangled, loosened
disentangled, unsnarled
paperback, paperbacked
deckled, deckle-edged
deckled, featheredged
lower-class, low-class
propertyless, wage-earning
propertyless, working-class
propertyless, blue-collar
bourgeois, conservative
bourgeois, materialistic
propertied, property-owning
brachycephalic, brachycranial
brachycephalic, brachycranic
broad-headed, roundheaded
broad-headed, short-headed
dolichocephalic, dolichocranial
dolichocephalic, dolichocranic
brave, courageous
desperate, heroic
game, gamy
game, gamey
game, gritty
game, mettlesome
game, spirited
game, spunky
stalwart, stouthearted
valiant, valorous
cowardly, fearful
chicken, chickenhearted
chicken, lily-livered
chicken, white-livered
chicken, yellow
chicken, yellow-bellied
craven, recreant
dastard, dastardly
faint, fainthearted
faint, timid
faint, faint-hearted
pusillanimous, poor-spirited
pusillanimous, unmanly
gutsy, plucky
nursed, suckled
breathing, eupneic
breathing, eupnoeic
breathless, dyspneic
breathless, dyspnoeic
breathless, dyspneal
breathless, dyspnoeal
smothering, suffocating
smothering, suffocative
blown, pursy
blown, short-winded
blown, winded
crystallized, crystalised
amorphous, uncrystallized
amorphous, uncrystallised
ablaze, inflamed
ablaze, reddened
floodlit, floodlighted
illuminated, lighted
illuminated, lit
illuminated, well-lighted
incandescent, candent
sunlit, sunstruck
Acheronian, Acherontic
Acheronian, Stygian
black, pitch-black
black, pitch-dark
dim, subdued
dusky, twilight
dusky, twilit
glooming, gloomy
glooming, gloomful
glooming, sulky
lightless, unilluminated
lightless, unlighted
lightless, unlit
tenebrous, tenebrific
tenebrous, tenebrious
murky, mirky
shady, shadowed
shady, shadowy
shady, umbrageous
hatched, crosshatched
moonlit, moony
agleam, gleaming
agleam, nitid
aglow, lambent
aglow, lucent
aglow, luminous
aglitter, coruscant
aglitter, fulgid
aglitter, glinting
aglitter, glistering
aglitter, glittering
aglitter, glittery
aglitter, scintillant
aglitter, scintillating
aglitter, sparkly
beady, beadlike
beady, buttony
beady, buttonlike
beaming, beamy
beaming, effulgent
beaming, radiant
beaming, refulgent
blazing, blinding
blazing, dazzling
blazing, fulgent
blazing, glaring
blazing, glary
glistening, glossy
glistening, lustrous
glistening, sheeny
glistening, shiny
glistening, shining
iridescent, nacreous
iridescent, opalescent
iridescent, opaline
iridescent, pearlescent
satiny, sleek
satiny, silken
satiny, silky
satiny, silklike
satiny, slick
silver, silvern
silver, silvery
flat, mat
flat, matt
flat, matte
flat, matted
lackluster, lacklustre
lackluster, lusterless
lackluster, lustreless
soft, subdued
dimmed, dim
undimmed, bright
prejudiced, discriminatory
racist, antiblack
racist, anti-Semite
unprejudiced, impartial
color-blind, colour-blind
color-blind, nonracist
broad, large-minded
broad, liberal
broad, tolerant
free-thinking, latitudinarian
free-thinking, undogmatic
free-thinking, undogmatical
narrow-minded, narrow
close-minded, closed-minded
dogmatic, dogmatical
illiberal, intolerant
opinionated, opinionative
opinionated, self-opinionated
petty, small-minded
broken, unkept
unbroken, kept
dashed, dotted
fitful, interrupted
fitful, off-and-on
brotherly, brotherlike
brotherly, fraternal
sisterly, sisterlike
sisterly, sororal
fraternal, biovular
identical, monovular
buried, inhumed
buried, interred
drudging, laboring
drudging, labouring
drudging, toiling
engaged, occupied
bone-idle, bone-lazy
faineant, indolent
faineant, lazy
faineant, otiose
faineant, slothful
faineant, work-shy
bony, boney
boned, deboned
buttoned, fastened
botonee, botonnee
unbuttoned, unfastened
capitalistic, capitalist
competitive, free-enterprise
competitive, private-enterprise
individualistic, laissez-faire
socialistic, socialist
collectivist, collectivistic
collectivist, collectivized
collectivist, collectivised
collectivist, state-controlled
cacophonous, cacophonic
cackly, squawky
croaky, guttural
grating, gravelly
grating, rasping
grating, raspy
grating, rough
grating, scratchy
gruff, hoarse
gruff, husky
jangling, jangly
raucous, strident
rending, ripping
rending, splitting
euphonious, euphonous
silvern, silvery
computable, estimable
countable, denumerable
countable, enumerable
countable, numerable
countless, infinite
countless, innumerable
countless, innumerous
countless, multitudinous
countless, myriad
countless, numberless
countless, uncounted
countless, unnumberable
countless, unnumbered
countless, unnumerable
incomputable, inestimable
incomputable, immeasurable
placid, quiet
placid, still
placid, tranquil
placid, smooth
placid, unruffled
angry, furious
angry, raging
angry, tempestuous
angry, wild
billowy, billowing
billowy, surging
blustering, blusterous
blustering, blustery
boisterous, fierce
boisterous, rough
blowy, breezy
blowy, windy
gusty, puffy
confident, surefooted
confident, sure-footed
neglected, unattended
certain, sure
conscientious, painstaking
conscientious, scrupulous
detailed, elaborate
detailed, elaborated
minute, narrow
overcareful, too-careful
casual, cursory
casual, passing
casual, perfunctory
haphazard, slapdash
haphazard, slipshod
haphazard, sloppy
heedless, reckless
offhand, offhanded
flesh-eating, meat-eating
flesh-eating, zoophagous
predacious, predaceous
anthophagous, anthophilous
carpophagous, fruit-eating
plant-eating, phytophagic
plant-eating, phytophagous
plant-eating, phytophilous
saprophagous, saprozoic
carpellate, pistillate
acarpelous, acarpellous
clinker-built, clincher-built
clinker-built, lap-strake
clinker-built, lap-straked
clinker-built, lap-streak
clinker-built, lap-streaked
carved, carven
engraved, etched
engraved, graven
engraved, incised
engraved, inscribed
graven, sculpted
graven, sculptured
radical, basal
caudate, caudated
bobtail, bobtailed
caudal, taillike
acaudate, acaudal
anurous, tailless
caulescent, cauline
caulescent, stemmed
acaulescent, stemless
activating, actuating
anorectic, anorexigenic
conducive, contributing
conducive, contributive
conducive, contributory
conducive, tributary
inductive, inducive
motivative, motive
motivative, motivating
motive, motor
sternutatory, sternutative
noncausative, noncausal
cagey, cagy
cagey, chary
guarded, restrained
hotheaded, impulsive
hotheaded, impetuous
hotheaded, madcap
hotheaded, tearaway
hotheaded, brainish
cancellate, cancellated
cancellate, cancellous
alveolate, faveolate
alveolate, cavitied
alveolate, honeycombed
alveolate, pitted
noncellular, acellular
single-celled, one-celled
compartmental, compartmentalized
compartmental, compartmentalised
porous, poriferous
center, halfway
center, middle
center, midway
centric, centrical
median, medial
middlemost, midmost
fringy, marginal
encircling, skirting
centripetal, receptive
centripetal, sensory
corticoafferent, corticipetal
efferent, motorial
centrifugal, motor
corticoefferent, corticofugal
corticoefferent, corticifugal
centralizing, centralising
centripetal, unifying
consolidative, integrative
decentralizing, decentralising
indisputable, sure
certain, sure
convinced, positive
convinced, confident
uncertain, unsure
uncertain, incertain
doubtful, dubious
cocksure, overconfident
cocksure, positive
self-assured, self-confident
diffident, shy
diffident, timid
diffident, unsure
certain, sure
bound, destined
doomed, fated
foreordained, predestinate
foreordained, predestined
chancy, fluky
chancy, flukey
chancy, iffy
fatal, fateful
ineluctable, inescapable
ineluctable, unavoidable
evitable, avoidable
evitable, avertible
evitable, avertable
changeable, changeful
erratic, fickle
erratic, mercurial
erratic, quicksilver
fluid, unstable
fluid, mobile
kaleidoscopic, kaleidoscopical
changeless, unalterable
fixed, frozen
static, stable
static, unchanging
convertible, transformable
convertible, translatable
convertible, transmutable
inconvertible, untransmutable
unalterable, inalterable
final, last
well-adjusted, well-balanced
unadapted, unadjusted
emended, edited
unaltered, unchanged
dateless, timeless
in-situ, unmoved
denatured, denaturized
denatured, denaturised
ionized, ionised
nonionized, nonionised
nonionized, unionized
nonionized, unionised
nonionized, nonionic
mutable, changeable
immutable, changeless
diagnostic, symptomatic
distinctive, typical
hot, live
negative, electronegative
positive, electropositive
neutral, electroneutral
dead, drained
beneficent, benevolent
beneficent, eleemosynary
beneficent, philanthropic
chartered, hired
chartered, leased
unowned, ownerless
celibate, continent
pure, vestal
pure, virgin
pure, virginal
pure, virtuous
easy, light
easy, loose
easy, promiscuous
easy, sluttish
easy, wanton
beaming, glad
beamish, smiling
beamish, twinkly
blithe, blithesome
blithe, lighthearted
blithe, lightsome
blithe, light-hearted
buoyant, chirpy
buoyant, perky
cheery, gay
cheery, sunny
chipper, debonair
chipper, debonaire
chipper, jaunty
depressing, cheerless
depressing, uncheerful
blue, dark
blue, dingy
blue, disconsolate
blue, dismal
blue, gloomy
blue, grim
blue, sorry
blue, drab
blue, drear
blue, dreary
somber, sombre
somber, melancholy
chondritic, granular
triclinic, anorthic
monochromatic, homochromatic
amber, brownish-yellow
amber, yellow-brown
aureate, gilded
aureate, gilt
aureate, gold
aureate, golden
azure, cerulean
azure, sky-blue
blue, bluish
blue, blueish
blue-lilac, bluish-lilac
blue-purple, bluish-purple
blue-violet, bluish-violet
blushful, rosy
bright-red, raspberry-red
bronze, bronzy
brown, brownish
brown, chocolate-brown
brown, dark-brown
brown-green, brownish-green
brown-purple, brownish-purple
canary, canary-yellow
fuscous, taupe
grey-blue, gray-blue
grey-blue, greyish-blue
grey-blue, grayish-blue
grey-brown, gray-brown
grey-brown, greyish-brown
grey-brown, grayish-brown
grey-green, gray-green
grey-green, greyish-green
grey-green, grayish-green
grey-pink, gray-pink
grey-pink, greyish-pink
grey-pink, grayish-pink
green, greenish
green, light-green
green, dark-green
jade, jade-green
lavender, lilac
lavender, lilac-colored
lilac-blue, violet-blue
lilac-pink, lavender-pink
lilac-pink, violet-pink
maroon, brownish-red
mousy, mousey
mousy, mouse-colored
mousy, mouselike
ocher, ochre
olive-drab, drab
orange, orangish
orange-red, orangish-red
peachy, peachy-colored
peachy, peachy-coloured
pink, pinkish
pink-lavender, pinkish-lavender
pink-orange, pinkish-orange
pink-orange, salmon
pink-purple, pinkish-purple
purple, violet
purple, purplish
purple-blue, purplish-blue
purple-brown, purplish-brown
purple-green, purplish-green
purple-lilac, purplish-lilac
purple-red, purplish-red
purple-tinged, purple-tinted
red, reddish
red, ruddy
red, blood-red
red, carmine
red, cerise
red, cherry
red, cherry-red
red, crimson
red, ruby
red, ruby-red
red, scarlet
red-brown, reddish-brown
red-brown, mahogany-red
red-lavender, reddish-lavender
red-orange, reddish-orange
red-orange, flame-orange
red-purple, reddisn-purple
red-violet, reddish-violet
rose, roseate
rose, rosaceous
rose-lilac, rose-lavender
rose-purple, rosy-purple
rose-tinted, rose-tinged
rust, rusty
rust, rust-brown
rust-red, rusty-red
sage, sage-green
silver-blue, silvery-blue
silver-green, silvery-green
snuff, snuff-brown
snuff, mummy-brown
snuff, chukker-brown
sorrel, brownish-orange
sulfur-yellow, sulphur-yellow
tawny, tawny-brown
vermilion, vermillion
vermilion, cinnabar
vermilion, Chinese-red
violet-tinged, violet-tinted
yellow, yellowish
yellow, xanthous
yellow-beige, yellowish-beige
yellow-orange, yellowish-orange
achromatic, neutral
argent, silver
argent, silvery
argent, silverish
ash-grey, ash-gray
ash-grey, ashy
black-grey, black-gray
black-grey, blackish-grey
black-grey, blackish-gray
blue-white, bluish-white
blue-white, cool-white
blue-grey, blue-gray
blue-grey, bluish-grey
blue-grey, bluish-gray
brown-black, brownish-black
brown-grey, brown-gray
brown-grey, brownish-grey
brown-grey, brownish-gray
charcoal, charcoal-grey
charcoal, charcoal-gray
coal-black, jet
coal-black, jet-black
coal-black, pitchy
coal-black, sooty
ebon, ebony
grey, gray
grey, greyish
grey, grayish
grey-black, gray-black
grey-black, greyish-black
grey-black, grayish-black
grey-white, gray-white
grey-white, greyish-white
grey-white, grayish-white
greenish-grey, greenish-gray
green-white, greenish-white
ink-black, inky
ink-black, inky-black
iron-grey, iron-gray
olive-grey, olive-gray
oxford-grey, oxford-gray
oxford-grey, dark-grey
oxford-grey, dark-gray
pearly, pearly-white
purple-black, purplish-black
purple-white, purplish-white
red-grey, red-gray
red-grey, reddish-grey
red-grey, reddish-gray
silver-grey, silver-gray
silver-grey, silvery-grey
silver-grey, silvery-gray
silver-white, silvery-white
slate-grey, slate-gray
slate-grey, slaty-grey
slate-grey, slaty-gray
slate-grey, slaty
slate-grey, slatey
slate-grey, stone-grey
slate-grey, stone-gray
snow-white, snowy
soot-black, sooty-black
whitish, off-white
yellow-grey, yellow-gray
yellow-grey, yellowish-grey
yellow-grey, yellowish-gray
yellow-white, yellowish-white
saturated, pure
intense, vivid
color, colour
colored, coloured
colored, colorful
crimson, red
crimson, reddened
crimson, red-faced
crimson, flushed
bicolor, bicolour
bicolor, bicolored
bicolor, bicoloured
bicolor, bichrome
bicolor, dichromatic
black, blackened
brightly-colored, brightly-coloured
buff-colored, buff-coloured
chestnut-colored, chestnut-coloured
chocolate-colored, chocolate-coloured
cream-colored, creamy-colored
cream-colored, creamy-white
dark-colored, dark-coloured
dark-colored, dusky-colored
dark-colored, dusky-coloured
dun-colored, dun-coloured
fawn-colored, fawn-coloured
flame-colored, flame-coloured
flesh-colored, flesh-coloured
garnet-colored, garnet-coloured
ginger, gingery
gold-colored, gold-coloured
honey-colored, honey-coloured
lead-colored, lead-coloured
liver-colored, liver
metal-colored, metal-coloured
metal-colored, metallic-colored
metal-colored, metallic-coloured
monochromatic, monochrome
monochromatic, monochromic
monochromatic, monochromous
motley, calico
motley, multicolor
motley, multi-color
motley, multicolour
motley, multi-colour
motley, multicolored
motley, multi-colored
motley, multicoloured
motley, multi-coloured
motley, painted
motley, particolored
motley, particoloured
motley, piebald
motley, pied
motley, varicolored
motley, varicoloured
neutral-colored, neutral-coloured
olive-colored, olive-coloured
orange-colored, orange-coloured
orange-colored, orange-hued
pale-colored, pale-hued
polychromatic, polychrome
polychromatic, polychromic
rose-colored, rosy-colored
straw-colored, straw-coloured
tawny-colored, tawny-coloured
trichromatic, trichrome
trichromatic, tricolor
violet-colored, violet-coloured
violet-colored, violet-flowered
uncolored, uncoloured
achromic, achromous
colorful, colourful
bright, brilliant
bright, vivid
changeable, chatoyant
changeable, iridescent
changeable, shot
deep, rich
colorless, colourless
ashen, blanched
ashen, bloodless
ashen, livid
ashen, white
bleached, faded
bleached, washed-out
bleached, washy
drab, sober
drab, somber
drab, sombre
dulled, greyed
etiolate, etiolated
etiolate, blanched
pale, pallid
pale, wan
pasty, pastelike
waxen, waxlike
waxen, waxy
white, whitened
colorful, colourful
brave, braw
brave, gay
flashy, gaudy
flashy, jazzy
flashy, showy
flashy, sporty
colorless, colourless
pale, pallid
light, light-colored
cisalpine, ultramontane
tramontane, transmontane
transalpine, ultramontane
christlike, christly
christless, nonchristian
unchristianly, unchristlike
civilized, civilised
noncivilized, noncivilised
barbarian, barbaric
barbarian, savage
barbarian, uncivilized
barbarian, uncivilised
barbarian, wild
preliterate, nonliterate
classical, classic
classical, classic
classical, Greco-Roman
classical, Graeco-Roman
classical, Hellenic
neoclassic, neoclassical
popular, pop
categorized, categorised
grouped, sorted
uncategorized, uncategorised
uncategorized, unsorted
nonsensitive, unrestricted
crude, raw
fresh, unused
immaculate, speckless
immaculate, spick-and-span
immaculate, spic-and-span
immaculate, spic
immaculate, spick
immaculate, spotless
unsoiled, unspotted
unsoiled, unstained
washed, water-washed
dirty, soiled
dirty, unclean
bedraggled, draggled
befouled, fouled
begrimed, dingy
begrimed, grimy
begrimed, grubby
begrimed, grungy
begrimed, raunchy
black, smutty
filthy, foul
filthy, nasty
flyblown, squalid
flyblown, sordid
greasy, oily
mucky, muddy
snotty, snot-nosed
travel-soiled, travel-stained
clean, unobjectionable
bawdy, off-color
bawdy, ribald
blasphemous, blue
blasphemous, profane
cruddy, filthy
cruddy, foul
cruddy, nasty
cruddy, smutty
foul-mouthed, foul-spoken
lewd, obscene
lewd, raunchy
lewd, salacious
clean, uncontaminating
dirty, contaminating
kosher, cosher
unclean, impure
nonkosher, tref
nonkosher, terefah
broad, unsubtle
clear-cut, distinct
clear-cut, trenchant
limpid, lucid
limpid, luculent
limpid, pellucid
limpid, perspicuous
blurred, clouded
confusing, perplexing
confusing, puzzling
obscure, vague
crystalline, limpid
crystalline, lucid
crystalline, pellucid
crystalline, transparent
hyaline, hyaloid
liquid, limpid
translucent, semitransparent
cloudy, muddy
cloudy, mirky
cloudy, murky
cloudy, turbid
fogged, foggy
lightproof, light-tight
milky, milklike
milky, whitish
radiopaque, radio-opaque
clearheaded, clear-thinking
addlebrained, addlepated
addlebrained, puddingheaded
addlebrained, muddleheaded
addled, befuddled
addled, muddled
addled, muzzy
addled, woolly
addled, wooly
addled, woolly-headed
addled, wooly-minded
befogged, befuddled
dazed, stunned
dazed, stupefied
dazed, stupid
punch-drunk, silly
punch-drunk, slaphappy
balmy, mild
balmy, soft
astute, sharp
astute, shrewd
cagey, cagy
cagey, canny
cagey, clever
streetwise, with-it
anserine, dopy
anserine, dopey
anserine, foolish
anserine, goosey
anserine, goosy
anserine, gooselike
anserine, jerky
blockheaded, boneheaded
blockheaded, duncical
blockheaded, duncish
blockheaded, fatheaded
blockheaded, loggerheaded
blockheaded, thick
blockheaded, thickheaded
blockheaded, thick-skulled
blockheaded, wooden-headed
cloddish, doltish
dense, dim
dense, dull
dense, dumb
dense, obtuse
dense, slow
gaumless, gormless
lumpish, lumpen
lumpish, unthinking
nitwitted, senseless
nitwitted, soft-witted
nitwitted, witless
dextrorotary, dextrorotatory
dextrorotary, right-handed
counterclockwise, anticlockwise
counterclockwise, contraclockwise
levorotary, levorotatory
levorotary, left-handed
distant, remote
distant, remote
distant, removed
faraway, far-off
farthermost, farthest
farthermost, furthermost
farthermost, furthest
farthermost, utmost
farthermost, uttermost
further, farther
near, close
near, nigh
yonder, yon
adjacent, next
appressed, adpressed
contiguous, immediate
encompassing, surrounding
encompassing, circumferent
nestled, snuggled
walk-to, walking
distant, remote
approximate, near
chummy, buddy-buddy
chummy, thick
dear, good
dear, near
familiar, intimate
clothed, clad
appareled, attired
appareled, dressed
appareled, garbed
appareled, garmented
appareled, habilimented
appareled, robed
arrayed, panoplied
breeched, pantalooned
breeched, trousered
dressed, dressed-up
red-coated, lobster-backed
bare, naked
bare, nude
bare-assed, bare-ass
bare-assed, raw
bare-assed, peeled
bare-breasted, braless
bare-breasted, topless
bareheaded, bared
clothesless, garmentless
clothesless, raimentless
exposed, uncovered
half-clothed, underclothed
unappareled, unattired
unappareled, unclad
unappareled, undressed
unappareled, ungarbed
unappareled, ungarmented
bareback, barebacked
cloudless, unclouded
brumous, foggy
brumous, hazy
brumous, misty
cloud-covered, clouded
cloud-covered, overcast
cloud-covered, sunless
cloudlike, nebular
dull, leaden
heavy, lowering
heavy, sullen
heavy, threatening
miasmal, miasmic
miasmal, vaporous
miasmal, vapourous
interior, midland
interior, upcountry
inshore, onshore
inshore, seaward
inshore, shoreward
offshore, seaward
coherent, consistent
coherent, logical
coherent, ordered
confused, disconnected
confused, disjointed
confused, disordered
confused, garbled
confused, illogical
confused, scattered
confused, unconnected
collapsible, collapsable
foldable, foldaway
foldable, folding
noncollapsible, noncollapsable
nontelescopic, nontelescoping
agglomerate, agglomerated
agglomerate, agglomerative
agglomerate, clustered
aggregate, aggregated
aggregate, aggregative
aggregate, mass
collectivized, collectivised
allocable, allocatable
allocable, apportionable
diffusing, diffusive
diffusing, dispersive
diffusing, disseminative
permeant, permeating
permeant, permeative
permeant, pervasive
publicized, publicised
promulgated, published
quelled, quenched
quelled, squelched
combinative, combinatory
combinable, combinational
combinable, combinatory
burnable, ignitable
burnable, ignitible
comburent, comburant
comburent, combustive
flammable, inflammable
noncombustible, incombustible
fire-retardant, fire-resistant
fire-retardant, fire-resisting
fire-retardant, fire-resistive
flameproof, flame-retardant
lighted, lit
ablaze, afire
ablaze, aflame
ablaze, aflare
ablaze, alight
ignited, enkindled
ignited, kindled
unlighted, unlit
commodious, convenient
roomy, spacious
comfortable, comfy
cozy, cosy
cozy, snug
homelike, homely
homelike, homey
homelike, homy
bad, tough
irritating, painful
miserable, wretched
awkward, uneasy
coextensive, coterminous
coextensive, conterminous
proportional, relative
disproportionate, disproportional
commercialized, commercialised
mercantile, mercenary
mercantile, moneymaking
nonprofit, non-profit-making
uncommercialized, uncommercialised
average, ordinary
democratic, popular
especial, exceptional
especial, particular
especial, special
accustomed, customary
accustomed, habitual
accustomed, wonted
chronic, inveterate
lipophilic, lipotropic
individual, single
individualist, individualistic
one-on-one, man-to-man
respective, several
respective, various
communicative, communicatory
anecdotic, anecdotal
anecdotic, anecdotical
blabbermouthed, leaky
blabbermouthed, talebearing
blabbermouthed, tattling
chatty, gossipy
chatty, newsy
expansive, talkative
gestural, nonverbal
gestural, sign
gestural, signed
gestural, sign-language
outspoken, vocal
uncommunicative, incommunicative
blank, vacuous
close, closelipped
close, closemouthed
close, secretive
close, tightlipped
deadpan, expressionless
deadpan, impassive
deadpan, poker-faced
deadpan, unexpressive
mum, silent
unpronounceable, unutterable
clayey, cloggy
clayey, heavy
impacted, wedged
shifting, unfirm
incomparable, uncomparable
matchless, nonpareil
matchless, one
matchless, peerless
matchless, unmatched
matchless, unmatchable
matchless, unrivaled
matchless, unrivalled
alone, unique
alone, unequaled
alone, unequalled
alone, unparalleled
hardhearted, stonyhearted
hardhearted, unfeeling
miscible, mixable
immiscible, non-miscible
immiscible, unmixable
able, capable
effective, efficient
feckless, inept
ineffective, inefficient
incompetent, unqualified
competitive, competitory
agonistic, agonistical
agonistic, combative
emulous, rivalrous
accommodative, cooperative
complaining, complaintive
fretful, querulous
fretful, whiney
fretful, whiny
entire, full
entire, total
integral, entire
integral, intact
fragmental, fragmentary
pledged, sworn
absolute, downright
absolute, out-and-out
absolute, rank
absolute, right-down
absolute, sheer
accomplished, completed
accomplished, realized
accomplished, realised
all-or-none, all-or-nothing
all-out, full-scale
dead, utter
exhaustive, thorough
exhaustive, thoroughgoing
full, total
incomplete, uncomplete
sketchy, unelaborated
across-the-board, all-embracing
across-the-board, all-encompassing
across-the-board, all-inclusive
across-the-board, blanket
across-the-board, broad
across-the-board, encompassing
across-the-board, extensive
across-the-board, panoptic
across-the-board, wide
all-around, all-round
all-around, well-rounded
countrywide, nationwide
cosmopolitan, ecumenical
cosmopolitan, oecumenical
cosmopolitan, general
cosmopolitan, universal
cosmopolitan, worldwide
cosmopolitan, world-wide
door-to-door, house-to-house
encyclopedic, encyclopaedic
spatiotemporal, spaciotemporal
noncomprehensive, incomprehensive
calm, unagitated
calm, serene
calm, tranquil
imperturbable, unflappable
collected, equanimous
collected, poised
collected, self-collected
collected, self-contained
collected, self-possessed
cool, coolheaded
cool, nerveless
unflurried, unflustered
unflurried, unperturbed
unflurried, unruffled
abashed, chagrined
abashed, embarrassed
blushful, blushing
blushful, red-faced
bothered, daunted
bothered, fazed
discombobulated, disconcerted
flustered, perturbed
flustered, rattled
comprehensible, comprehendible
accessible, approachable
apprehensible, intelligible
apprehensible, graspable
apprehensible, perceivable
apprehensible, understandable
incomprehensible, uncomprehensible
dark, obscure
enigmatic, enigmatical
enigmatic, puzzling
lost, missed
opaque, unintelligible
acetabular, cotyloid
acetabular, cotyloidal
biconcave, concavo-concave
bursiform, pouch-shaped
bursiform, pouchlike
bursiform, saclike
cupular, cupulate
dished, dish-shaped
dished, patelliform
convex, bulging
biconvex, convexo-convex
biconvex, lenticular
biconvex, lentiform
broken-backed, hogged
gibbous, gibbose
umbellate, umbel-like
single, undivided
single, exclusive
dispersed, spread
divided, shared
fanned, spread-out
far-flung, widespread
separated, spaced
sparse, thin
unfocused, unfocussed
concentric, concentrical
concentric, homocentric
coaxial, coaxal
eccentric, nonconcentric
off-center, off-centered
haunted, obsessed
haunted, preoccupied
casual, insouciant
casual, nonchalant
degage, detached
degage, uninvolved
aphoristic, apothegmatic
aphoristic, epigrammatic
compendious, compact
compendious, succinct
compendious, summary
crisp, curt
crisp, laconic
crisp, terse
elliptic, elliptical
pithy, sententious
long-winded, tedious
long-winded, verbose
long-winded, windy
long-winded, wordy
pleonastic, redundant
pleonastic, tautologic
pleonastic, tautological
definitive, determinate
coordinating, coordinative
subordinating, subordinative
concordant, concurring
consentaneous, consentient
consentaneous, unanimous
dissentious, divisive
dissentious, factious
atrophied, wasted
atrophied, diminished
hypertrophied, enlarged
dependent, dependant
dependent, qualified
probationary, provisional
probationary, provisionary
probationary, tentative
unconditional, unconditioned
blunt, crude
blunt, stark
enforced, implemented
semiconducting, semiconductive
nonconductive, nonconducting
nonconductive, non-conducting
close, confining
homebound, housebound
homebound, shut-in
jammed, jam-packed
jammed, packed
uncongenial, incompatible
disagreeable, unsympathetic
identical, superposable
congruous, congruent
discrepant, inconsistent
inappropriate, incompatible
inappropriate, unfitting
ironic, ironical
adversative, oppositive
partitive, separative
adjacent, conterminous
adjacent, contiguous
adjacent, neighboring
conterminous, contiguous
coupled, joined
coupled, linked
apart, isolated
apart, obscure
detached, separated
disjoined, separate
beatable, vanquishable
beatable, vincible
subduable, subjugable
impregnable, inexpugnable
indomitable, never-say-die
indomitable, unsubduable
insuperable, insurmountable
invincible, unbeatable
invincible, unvanquishable
self-conscious, self-aware
insensible, senseless
consecrated, consecrate
consecrated, dedicated
profaned, violated
priestly, priestlike
fusty, standpat
fusty, unprogressive
fusty, nonprogressive
hidebound, traditionalist
progressive, reformist
progressive, reform-minded
socialized, socialised
welfarist, welfare-statist
accordant, agreeable
accordant, conformable
accordant, consonant
accordant, concordant
discrepant, incompatible
spotty, uneven
spotty, scratchy
attention-getting, eye-catching
big, large
big, prominent
crying, egregious
crying, flagrant
crying, glaring
crying, gross
crying, rank
outstanding, prominent
outstanding, salient
outstanding, spectacular
outstanding, striking
inconspicuous, invisible
obscure, unnoticeable
discernible, discernable
indistinguishable, undistinguishable
steadfast, staunch
steadfast, unswerving
unfailing, unflagging
false, untrue
fickle, volatile
formative, shaping
formative, plastic
reconstructive, rehabilitative
annihilative, annihilating
annihilative, devastating
annihilative, withering
blasting, ruinous
cataclysmal, cataclysmic
caustic, corrosive
caustic, erosive
caustic, vitriolic
caustic, mordant
crushing, devastating
damaging, negative
contented, content
complacent, self-satisfied
complacent, self-complacent
smug, self-satisfied
discontented, discontent
disaffected, ill-affected
disaffected, malcontent
disaffected, rebellious
disgruntled, dissatisfied
restless, ungratified
restless, unsatisfied
debatable, disputable
shakable, shakeable
incontestable, incontestible
demonstrable, incontrovertible
inarguable, unarguable
unassailable, unshakable
unassailable, watertight
unassailable, bulletproof
insistent, repetitive
perennial, recurrent
perennial, repeated
persistent, relentless
persistent, unrelenting
recurring, revenant
fitful, spasmodic
periodic, occasional
irregular, unpredictable
isolated, stray
continuous, uninterrupted
around-the-clock, day-and-night
around-the-clock, nonstop
around-the-clock, round-the-clock
ceaseless, constant
ceaseless, incessant
ceaseless, never-ending
ceaseless, perpetual
ceaseless, unceasing
ceaseless, unremitting
dogging, persisting
straight, consecutive
discontinuous, noncontinuous
obsessed, possessed
anarchic, anarchical
anarchic, lawless
irrepressible, uncontrollable
lordless, masterless
undisciplined, ungoverned
arguable, debatable
arguable, disputable
arguable, moot
polemic, polemical
uncontroversial, noncontroversial
undisputed, unchallenged
undisputed, unquestioned
contentious, combative
contentious, disputatious
contentious, disputative
contentious, litigious
eristic, eristical
favorable, favourable
stodgy, stuffy
irregular, maverick
irregular, unorthodox
button-down, buttoned-down
button-down, conservative
square, straight
stereotyped, stereotypic
stereotyped, stereotypical
stereotyped, unimaginative
bizarre, eccentric
bizarre, freakish
bizarre, freaky
bizarre, flaky
bizarre, flakey
bizarre, gonzo
bizarre, off-the-wall
bizarre, outlandish
bizarre, outre
devil-may-care, raffish
devil-may-care, rakish
far-out, kinky
far-out, offbeat
far-out, quirky
far-out, way-out
spaced-out, spacy
spaced-out, spacey
nonconformist, unconformist
nuclear, atomic
handed-down, tralatitious
nontraditional, untraditional
confluent, merging
focused, focussed
divergent, diverging
arboreal, arboreous
arboreal, arborescent
arboreal, arboresque
arboreal, arboriform
arboreal, dendriform
arboreal, dendroid
arboreal, dendroidal
arboreal, treelike
arboreal, tree-shaped
branched, branching
branched, ramose
branched, ramous
branched, ramate
maplelike, maple-like
unbranched, unbranching
disenchanting, disillusioning
unconvincing, flimsy
barbecued, grilled
boiled, poached
boiled, stewed
broiled, grilled
burned, burnt
fried, deep-fried
roast, roasted
saute, sauteed
half-baked, underdone
synergetic, synergistic
corrupted, debased
corrupted, vitiated
corruptible, bribable
corruptible, dishonest
corruptible, purchasable
corruptible, venal
depraved, perverse
depraved, perverted
depraved, reprobate
dirty, sordid
Praetorian, Pretorian
uncorrupted, unspoiled
synergistic, interactive
antagonistic, incompatible
goodly, goodish
goodly, healthy
goodly, hefty
goodly, respectable
goodly, sizable
goodly, sizeable
goodly, tidy
significant, substantial
substantial, real
substantial, material
insubstantial, unsubstantial
insubstantial, unreal
aeriform, aerial
aeriform, airy
aeriform, aery
aeriform, ethereal
shadowy, wraithlike
immaterial, nonmaterial
intangible, nonphysical
silver-bodied, silvery-bodied
slim-bodied, thin-bodied
slim-bodied, slender-bodied
bodiless, bodyless
corporeal, material
bodied, corporal
bodied, corporate
bodied, embodied
bodied, incarnate
incorporeal, immaterial
discorporate, unembodied
discorporate, bodiless
discorporate, unbodied
discorporate, disembodied
correct, right
accurate, exact
accurate, precise
letter-perfect, word-perfect
incorrect, wrong
false, mistaken
right, correct
amendable, correctable
redeemable, reformable
unreformable, unregenerate
uncontrollable, uncorrectable
uncontrollable, unmanageable
traveled, travelled
bumpkinly, hick
bumpkinly, rustic
bumpkinly, unsophisticated
insular, parochial
jerkwater, one-horse
jerkwater, pokey
jerkwater, poky
cathartic, evacuant
cathartic, purgative
unconstipated, regular
diarrheal, diarrhoeal
diarrheal, diarrhetic
diarrheal, diarrhoetic
diarrheal, diarrheic
diarrheal, diarrhoeic
lax, loose
thoughtless, uncaring
thoughtless, unthinking
chivalrous, gallant
chivalrous, knightly
brusque, brusk
brusque, curt
brusque, short
caddish, unchivalrous
caddish, ungallant
mannerly, well-mannered
courteous, gracious
courteous, nice
bratty, brattish
ill-mannered, bad-mannered
ill-mannered, rude
ill-mannered, unmannered
ill-mannered, unmannerly
discourteous, ungracious
civil, polite
uncivil, rude
creative, originative
fanciful, notional
imaginative, inventive
sterile, unimaginative
sterile, uninspired
sterile, uninventive
credible, believable
incredible, unbelievable
astounding, dumbfounding
astounding, dumfounding
improbable, marvelous
improbable, marvellous
improbable, tall
undreamed, undreamt
undreamed, unimagined
disbelieving, skeptical
disbelieving, sceptical
disbelieving, unbelieving
captious, faultfinding
hypercritical, overcritical
scathing, vituperative
appraising, evaluative
discriminative, judicial
uncritical, noncritical
dangerous, grave
dangerous, grievous
dangerous, serious
dangerous, severe
dangerous, life-threatening
desperate, dire
noncritical, noncrucial
crosstown, cross-town
decussate, intersectant
decussate, intersecting
comate, comose
uncrowned, crownless
crucial, important
critical, decisive
life-and-death, life-or-death
pivotal, polar
crystallized, crystallised
uncrystallized, uncrystallised
cubic, three-dimensional
blockish, blocky
boxlike, boxy
boxlike, box-shaped
cubelike, cube-shaped
cubelike, cubical
cubelike, cubiform
cubelike, cuboid
cubelike, cuboidal
linear, one-dimensional
rectilinear, rectilineal
planar, two-dimensional
placoid, platelike
planate, flattened
unidimensional, one-dimensional
two-dimensional, 2-dimensional
two-dimensional, flat
three-dimensional, 3-dimensional
three-dimensional, third-dimensional
three-dimensional, three-d
four-dimensional, 4-dimensional
chopped, shredded
chopped, sliced
pierced, perforated
pierced, perforate
pierced, punctured
hewn, hand-hewn
uncut, rough
inquisitive, speculative
inquisitive, questioning
inquisitive, wondering
nosy, nosey
nosy, prying
nosy, snoopy
uninquiring, uninquisitive
afoot, underway
contemporary, present-day
ongoing, on-going
on-line, online
up-to-the-minute, latest
disused, obsolete
outdated, out-of-date
outdated, superannuated
cursed, curst
accursed, accurst
accursed, maledict
blasted, blame
blasted, blamed
blasted, blessed
blasted, damn
blasted, damned
blasted, darned
blasted, deuced
blasted, goddam
blasted, goddamn
blasted, goddamned
blasted, infernal
damn, goddamn
damnable, execrable
blessed, blest
fortunate, golden
curtainless, uncurtained
custom-made, custom
bespoke, bespoken
bespoke, made-to-order
bespoke, tailored
bespoke, tailor-made
custom-built, made-to-order
off-the-rack, off-the-shelf
off-the-rack, off-the-peg
off-the-rack, ready-to-wear
handmade, hand-crafted
hand-loomed, handwoven
handsewn, handstitched
overhand, oversewn
boughten, store-bought
cyclic, cyclical
alternate, alternating
circular, rotary
circular, orbitual
noncyclic, noncyclical
closed-chain, closed-ring
homocyclic, isocyclic
acyclic, open-chain
verticillate, verticillated
verticillate, whorled
annual, one-year
biennial, two-year
battered, beat-up
battered, beaten-up
bedraggled, broken-down
bedraggled, derelict
bedraggled, dilapidated
bedraggled, ramshackle
bedraggled, tatterdemalion
bedraggled, tumble-down
bent, crumpled
bent, dented
broken, busted
hurt, weakened
datable, dateable
dateless, undated
deaf-and-dumb, deaf-mute
hard-of-hearing, hearing-impaired
sharp-eared, quick-eared
crude, earthy
crude, gross
crude, vulgar
deciding, determinant
deciding, determinative
deciding, determining
fateful, fatal
unhesitating, resolute
hesitant, hesitating
declarative, declaratory
declarative, asserting
interrogative, interrogatory
announced, proclaimed
avowed, professed
sedate, staid
indecorous, indelicate
abysmal, abyssal
abysmal, unfathomable
profound, unfathomed
profound, unplumbed
profound, unsounded
ankle-deep, knee-deep
reefy, shelfy
reefy, shelvy
reefy, shoaly
heavy, profound
heavy, sound
heavy, wakeless
light, wakeful
unforfeitable, inalienable
triumphant, victorious
unbeaten, unconquered
unbeaten, unvanquished
defiant, noncompliant
insubordinate, resistant
insubordinate, resistive
amenable, conformable
undefined, vague
indefinable, undefinable
well-defined, clear
ill-defined, unclear
plagiaristic, plagiarized
plagiaristic, plagiarised
distinct, decided
nebulous, unfixed
chapfallen, chopfallen
chapfallen, crestfallen
chapfallen, deflated
gloomy, grim
gloomy, blue
gloomy, depressed
gloomy, dispirited
gloomy, down
gloomy, downcast
gloomy, downhearted
gloomy, low
gloomy, low-spirited
lonely, lonesome
exultant, exulting
exultant, jubilant
exultant, prideful
exultant, rejoicing
exultant, triumphal
exultant, triumphant
gladdened, exhilarated
dainty, exquisite
ethereal, gossamer
sturdy, tough
brittle, brickle
brittle, brickly
crumbly, friable
delicate, fragile
delicate, frail
shatterproof, splinterless
shatterproof, splinterproof
exigent, exacting
rigorous, stringent
rigorous, tight
stern, strict
stern, exacting
clamant, crying
clamant, exigent
clamant, insistent
clamant, instant
pressing, urgent
strident, shrill
beseeching, pleading
beseeching, imploring
precatory, precative
suppliant, supplicant
suppliant, supplicatory
classless, egalitarian
authoritarian, autocratic
authoritarian, dictatorial
authoritarian, despotic
authoritarian, tyrannic
authoritarian, tyrannical
monarchal, monarchical
monarchal, monarchic
capricious, impulsive
capricious, whimsical
discretionary, discretional
nonarbitrary, unarbitrary
effusive, gushing
effusive, gushy
epideictic, epideictical
restrained, reticent
restrained, unemotional
questionable, refutable
questionable, confutable
questionable, confutative
incontestable, indisputable
incontestable, undisputable
incontrovertible, irrefutable
incontrovertible, positive
denotative, denotive
appellative, naming
implicative, suggestive
reliable, dependable
certain, sure
tested, time-tested
tested, tried
unreliable, undependable
erratic, temperamental
interdependent, mutualist
parasitic, parasitical
parasitic, leechlike
parasitic, bloodsucking
autarkic, autarkical
autonomous, self-directed
autonomous, self-reliant
breakaway, fissiparous
breakaway, separatist
free-living, nonparasitic
free-living, nonsymbiotic
individual, case-by-case
individual, item-by-item
self-sufficient, self-sufficing
self-sufficient, self-sustaining
independent, main
dependent, subordinate
partisan, partizan
tendentious, tendencious
nonpartisan, nonpartizan
bipartisan, bipartizan
bipartisan, two-party
bipartisan, two-way
unbiased, unbiassed
prescriptive, normative
coveted, desired
preferable, preferred
undesirable, unwanted
annihilated, exterminated
blighted, spoilt
broken, impoverished
burned, burnt
burned, burned-over
burned, burned-out
burned, burnt-out
demolished, dismantled
demolished, razed
despoiled, pillaged
despoiled, raped
despoiled, ravaged
despoiled, sacked
finished, ruined
shattered, tattered
war-torn, war-worn
protected, saved
retained, maintained
ascertainable, discoverable
indeterminable, undeterminable
unascertainable, undiscoverable
indeterminate, undetermined
mature, matured
vestigial, rudimentary
dextrorse, dextrorsal
sinistrorse, sinistrorsal
undifferentiated, uniform
difficult, hard
ambitious, challenging
awkward, embarrassing
awkward, sticky
awkward, unenviable
baffling, elusive
baffling, knotty
baffling, problematic
baffling, problematical
baffling, tough
catchy, tricky
delicate, ticklish
delicate, touchy
nasty, tight
rocky, rough
rugged, tough
casual, effortless
cushy, soft
cushy, easygoing
elementary, simple
elementary, uncomplicated
elementary, unproblematic
courtly, formal
courtly, stately
distinguished, grand
distinguished, imposing
distinguished, magisterial
demeaning, humbling
demeaning, humiliating
demeaning, mortifying
pathetic, ridiculous
pathetic, silly
statesmanlike, statesmanly
assiduous, sedulous
hardworking, industrious
hardworking, tireless
hardworking, untiring
derelict, delinquent
derelict, neglectful
derelict, remiss
lax, slack
inattentive, neglectful
diluted, dilute
cut, thinned
cut, weakened
watery, washy
watery, weak
neat, straight
neat, full-strength
saturated, concentrated
diplomatic, diplomatical
politic, smooth
politic, suave
politic, bland
tactful, kid-glove
conciliatory, conciliative
appeasing, placating
appeasing, placative
appeasing, placatory
propitiative, propitiatory
undeviating, unswerving
askance, askant
askance, asquint
askance, squint
askance, squint-eyed
askance, squinty
askance, sidelong
devious, circuitous
devious, roundabout
meandering, rambling
meandering, wandering
meandering, winding
blunt, candid
blunt, forthright
blunt, frank
blunt, free-spoken
blunt, outspoken
blunt, plainspoken
blunt, point-blank
blunt, straight-from-the-shoulder
plain, unvarnished
square, straightforward
square, straight
circuitous, roundabout
circumlocutious, circumlocutory
circumlocutious, periphrastic
circumlocutious, ambagious
devious, oblique
digressive, discursive
digressive, excursive
digressive, rambling
mealymouthed, mealy-mouthed
direct, unmediated
clear, percipient
clear-eyed, clear-sighted
clear-eyed, perspicacious
obtuse, purblind
bigmouthed, blabbermouthed
bigmouthed, blabby
bigmouthed, talkative
sweeping, wholesale
diacritic, diacritical
discriminative, discriminatory
undiscriminating, indiscriminating
available, usable
available, useable
expendable, spendable
fluid, liquid
medial, median
chiseled, well-defined
clear, clean-cut
clear, clear-cut
crisp, sharp
defined, outlined
bleary, blurred
bleary, blurry
bleary, foggy
bleary, fuzzy
bleary, hazy
bleary, muzzy
cloudy, nebulose
cloudy, nebulous
dim, faint
dim, shadowy
dim, vague
dim, wispy
focused, focussed
unfocused, unfocussed
varied, wide-ranging
solid, unanimous
solid, whole
dissociable, separable
dissociable, severable
authoritarian, dictatorial
authoritarian, overbearing
autocratic, bossy
autocratic, dominating
autocratic, high-and-mighty
autocratic, magisterial
autocratic, peremptory
blustery, bullying
cavalier, high-handed
heavy-handed, roughshod
oppressive, tyrannical
oppressive, tyrannous
bowed, bowing
meek, spiritless
cringing, groveling
cringing, grovelling
cringing, wormlike
cringing, wormy
dominated, henpecked
bootlicking, fawning
bootlicking, sycophantic
bootlicking, toadyish
slavish, subservient
slavish, submissive
unservile, unsubmissive
ascendant, ascendent
ascendant, dominating
overriding, paramount
overriding, predominant
overriding, predominate
overriding, preponderant
overriding, preponderating
sovereign, supreme
subordinate, low-level
adjunct, assistant
single-barreled, single-barrelled
double-barreled, double-barrelled
histrionic, melodramatic
stagy, stagey
drinkable, potable
intoxicated, drunk
intoxicated, inebriated
bacchanalian, bacchanal
bacchanalian, bacchic
bacchanalian, carousing
bacchanalian, orgiastic
besotted, blotto
besotted, crocked
besotted, cockeyed
besotted, fuddled
besotted, loaded
besotted, pie-eyed
besotted, pissed
besotted, pixilated
besotted, plastered
besotted, slopped
besotted, sloshed
besotted, smashed
besotted, soaked
besotted, soused
besotted, sozzled
besotted, squiffy
besotted, stiff
besotted, tight
besotted, wet
potty, tiddly
potty, tipsy
bibulous, boozy
bibulous, drunken
bibulous, sottish
doped, drugged
doped, narcotized
doped, narcotised
high, mellow
hopped-up, stoned
dry, teetotal
uninebriated, unintoxicated
blunted, dulled
penetrative, penetrating
acute, intense
cutting, keen
cutting, knifelike
cutting, piercing
cutting, stabbing
cutting, lancinate
cutting, lancinating
bouncing, bouncy
bouncing, peppy
bouncing, spirited
bouncing, zippy
bubbling, effervescent
bubbling, frothy
bubbling, scintillating
bubbling, sparkly
burbling, burbly
burbling, effusive
burbling, gushing
arid, desiccate
arid, desiccated
drab, dreary
heavy, leaden
humdrum, monotonous
lackluster, lacklustre
lackluster, lusterless
lackluster, lustreless
dynamic, dynamical
changing, ever-changing
driving, impulsive
energizing, energising
energizing, kinetic
high-octane, high-powered
high-octane, high-power
high-octane, high-voltage
high-octane, high-energy
propellant, propellent
propellant, propelling
propellant, propulsive
self-propelled, self-propelling
undynamic, adynamic
stagnant, moribund
anxious, dying
impatient, raring
auriculate, auriculated
aboriginal, primal
aboriginal, primeval
aboriginal, primaeval
aboriginal, primordial
advance, beforehand
archean, archaean
archeozoic, archaeozoic
earlier, earliest
premature, untimely
previous, premature
advanced, ripe
archaic, primitive
new, young
crude, primitive
crude, rude
embryonic, embryotic
incipient, inchoate
late, later
Modern, New
apprehensive, worried
precarious, unstable
eastbound, eastward
easterly, eastern
easterly, eastern
easternmost, eastmost
westbound, westerly
westbound, westward
westerly, western
westernmost, westmost
occidental, Hesperian
endomorphic, pyknic
mesomorphic, muscular
edible, comestible
edible, eatable
nonpoisonous, non-poisonous
nonpoisonous, nontoxic
pareve, parve
inedible, uneatable
knowing, knowledgeable
knowing, learned
knowing, lettered
knowing, well-educated
knowing, well-read
ignorant, illiterate
ignorant, nescient
ignorant, unlearned
ignorant, unlettered
unschooled, untaught
unschooled, untutored
effective, good
operational, operating
effective, effectual
effective, efficacious
hard-hitting, trenchant
impressive, telling
ineffective, uneffective
ineffective, ineffectual
arduous, backbreaking
arduous, grueling
arduous, gruelling
arduous, hard
arduous, heavy
arduous, laborious
arduous, operose
arduous, punishing
arduous, toilsome
exhausting, tiring
exhausting, wearing
exhausting, wearying
heavy, labored
heavy, laboured
labor-intensive, labour-intensive
leaden, plodding
arduous, straining
arduous, strenuous
unforced, unstrained
cost-efficient, cost-effective
economic, economical
uneconomical, wasteful
emphatic, exclamatory
firm, strong
forcible, physical
forcible, strong-arm
forceless, unforceful
wimpish, wimpy
bouncy, live
bouncy, lively
bouncy, resilient
bouncy, springy
elasticized, elasticised
expandable, expandible
expandable, expansible
expandable, expansile
fictile, moldable
fictile, plastic
flexible, whippy
rubbery, rubberlike
stretchable, stretchy
elective, elected
appointive, appointed
nominated, nominative
nonelective, non-elective
nonelective, nonelected
nonmandatory, nonobligatory
compulsory, mandatory
compulsory, required
dandified, dandyish
dandified, foppish
deluxe, luxe
high-class, high-toned
exquisite, recherche
neat, refined
neat, tasteful
soigne, soignee
gauche, graceless
gauche, unpolished
desirable, suitable
desirable, worthy
undesirable, unsuitable
unentitled, unqualified
affectional, affective
affectional, emotive
bathetic, drippy
bathetic, hokey
bathetic, maudlin
bathetic, mawkish
bathetic, kitschy
bathetic, mushy
bathetic, schmaltzy
bathetic, schmalzy
bathetic, sentimental
bathetic, soppy
bathetic, soupy
bathetic, slushy
cathartic, releasing
charged, supercharged
funky, low-down
lyric, lyrical
moody, temperamental
overemotional, sloppy
impassive, stolid
philosophical, philosophic
phlegmatic, phlegmatical
stoic, stoical
empirical, empiric
confirmable, verifiable
confirmable, falsifiable
experiential, existential
experimental, data-based
experimental, observational
theoretical, theoretic
conjectural, divinatory
conjectural, hypothetical
conjectural, hypothetic
conjectural, supposed
conjectural, suppositional
conjectural, suppositious
conjectural, supposititious
notional, speculative
freelance, free-lance
freelance, self-employed
discharged, dismissed
discharged, fired
discharged, laid-off
discharged, pink-slipped
idle, jobless
beguiled, captivated
beguiled, charmed
beguiled, delighted
beguiled, enthralled
beguiled, entranced
bewitched, ensorcelled
fascinated, hypnotized
fascinated, hypnotised
fascinated, mesmerized
fascinated, mesmerised
fascinated, spellbound
fascinated, spell-bound
fascinated, transfixed
disabused, undeceived
exhortative, exhortatory
exhortative, hortative
exhortative, hortatory
heartening, inspiriting
daunting, intimidating
demoralizing, demoralising
demoralizing, disheartening
demoralizing, dispiriting
burdened, heavy-laden
involved, mired
burdenless, unburdened
clear, unmortgaged
laden, oppressed
endogamous, endogamic
exogamous, exogamic
autogamous, autogamic
self-fertilized, self-fertilised
self-fertilized, self-pollinated
endogamous, endogamic
exogamous, exogamic
endoergic, energy-absorbing
exoergic, energy-releasing
endothermic, endothermal
endothermic, heat-absorbing
exothermic, exothermal
exothermic, heat-releasing
endogenous, endogenic
exogenous, exogenic
alert, brisk
alert, lively
alert, merry
alert, rattling
alert, snappy
alert, spanking
alert, zippy
indefatigable, tireless
indefatigable, unflagging
indefatigable, unwearying
lethargic, unenrgetic
dazed, foggy
dazed, groggy
dazed, logy
dazed, stuporous
dreamy, lackadaisical
dreamy, languid
dreamy, languorous
disenfranchised, disfranchised
disenfranchised, voiceless
disenfranchised, voteless
exploratory, explorative
nonexploratory, nonexplorative
nonexploratory, unexploratory
nonexploratory, unexplorative
fact-finding, investigative
fact-finding, investigatory
inquisitory, probing
inquisitory, searching
uninquiring, uninquisitive
accrued, accumulated
hyperbolic, inflated
exaggerated, magnified
exaggerated, enlarged
raised, elevated
decreased, reduced
attenuate, attenuated
attenuate, faded
attenuate, weakened
belittled, diminished
belittled, small
cut, slashed
shriveled, shrivelled
shriveled, shrunken
benighted, dark
energetic, gumptious
energetic, industrious
energetic, up-and-coming
unenterprising, nonenterprising
slowgoing, unenergetic
ardent, warm
avid, zealous
crazy, wild
crazy, dotty
crazy, gaga
evangelical, evangelistic
halfhearted, half-hearted
halfhearted, tepid
halfhearted, lukewarm
desirous, wishful
athirst, hungry
athirst, thirsty
avid, devouring
avid, esurient
avid, greedy
covetous, envious
covetous, jealous
undesirous, undesiring
entozoic, entozoan
entozoic, endozoic
equivalent, tantamount
close, tight
even, fifty-fifty
isochronal, isochronous
isoclinal, isoclinic
isometric, isometrical
tied, even
tied, level
anisometric, unsymmetrical
mismatched, uneven
unequalized, unequalised
counterbalanced, counterpoised
harmonious, proportionate
harmonious, symmetrical
unbalanced, imbalanced
isotonic, isosmotic
equivocal, ambiguous
double, forked
unequivocal, univocal
unequivocal, unambiguous
effaceable, erasable
exterminable, extirpable
obliterable, removable
indelible, unerasable
inexpungible, inexpungeable
inexterminable, inextirpable
abstruse, deep
abstruse, recondite
cabalistic, kabbalistic
cabalistic, qabalistic
cabalistic, cryptic
cabalistic, cryptical
cabalistic, sibylline
mysterious, mystic
mysterious, mystical
mysterious, occult
mysterious, secret
mysterious, orphic
basal, primary
constituent, constitutional
constituent, constitutive
constituent, organic
substantial, substantive
vital, life-sustaining
inessential, unessential
incidental, nonessential
critical, vital
abject, low
abject, low-down
abject, miserable
abject, scummy
abject, scurvy
bastardly, mean
pathetic, pitiable
pathetic, pitiful
encomiastic, eulogistic
encomiastic, panegyric
encomiastic, panegyrical
laudatory, praiseful
laudatory, praising
belittling, deprecating
belittling, deprecative
belittling, deprecatory
belittling, depreciative
belittling, depreciatory
belittling, slighting
derogative, derogatory
derogative, disparaging
dyslogistic, dislogistic
dyslogistic, pejorative
supercilious, sneering
supercilious, snide
ingratiating, insinuating
ingratiating, ingratiatory
unflattering, uncomplimentary
euphemistic, inoffensive
dysphemistic, offensive
dysphoric, distressed
dysphoric, unhappy
flat, level
flat, plane
flatbottom, flatbottomed
true, straight
crinkled, crinkly
crinkled, rippled
crinkled, wavy
crinkled, wavelike
curly-grained, cross-grained
curly-grained, wavy-grained
jagged, jaggy
jagged, scraggy
odd, uneven
coniferous, cone-bearing
semi-evergreen, half-evergreen
broadleaf, broad-leafed
broadleaf, broad-leaved
direct, verbatim
rigorous, strict
approximate, approximative
approximate, rough
free, loose
free, liberal
convertible, exchangeable
cashable, redeemable
inconvertible, unconvertible
inconvertible, unexchangeable
commutable, substitutable
transposable, permutable
quick, warm
skittish, flighty
skittish, spooky
skittish, nervous
aflutter, nervous
intoxicated, drunk
stimulated, stirred
stimulated, aroused
teased, titillated
breathless, breathtaking
elating, exhilarating
electric, galvanic
electric, galvanizing
electric, galvanising
electrifying, thrilling
glamorous, glamourous
heady, intoxicating
tickling, tingling
tickling, titillating
commonplace, humdrum
commonplace, prosaic
commonplace, unglamorous
commonplace, unglamourous
absolvitory, exonerative
absolvitory, forgiving
justificative, justificatory
justificative, vindicatory
inculpatory, inculpative
accusative, accusatory
accusative, accusing
accusative, accusive
comminatory, denunciative
comminatory, denunciatory
condemnatory, condemning
criminative, criminatory
criminative, incriminating
criminative, incriminatory
damnatory, damning
recriminative, recriminatory
exhausted, spent
leftover, left
leftover, odd
leftover, remaining
leftover, unexpended
unspent, unexpended
existent, existing
active, alive
lacking, absent
lacking, missing
lacking, wanting
barren, destitute
barren, devoid
barren, free
barren, innocent
surviving, living
extinct, nonextant
anticipated, awaited
anticipated, hoped-for
unannounced, unheralded
unannounced, unpredicted
unanticipated, unforeseen
unanticipated, unlooked-for
unhoped, unhoped-for
unhoped, unthought
unhoped, unthought-of
opportunist, opportunistic
opportunist, timeserving
carpetbag, carpetbagging
big-ticket, high-ticket
costly, dear
costly, high-priced
costly, pricey
costly, pricy
dearly-won, costly
cheap, inexpensive
bargain-priced, cut-rate
bargain-priced, cut-price
low-cost, low-priced
low-cost, affordable
sixpenny, threepenny
sixpenny, twopenny
sixpenny, tuppeny
sixpenny, two-a-penny
sixpenny, twopenny-halfpenny
experienced, experient
intimate, knowledgeable
intimate, versed
old, older
practiced, practised
seasoned, veteran
inexperienced, inexperient
fledgling, unfledged
fledgling, callow
raw, new
uninitiate, uninitiated
uninitiate, naive
unpracticed, unpractised
unpracticed, unversed
unseasoned, untested
unseasoned, untried
unseasoned, young
explainable, interpretable
inexplicable, incomprehensible
cryptic, cryptical
cryptic, deep
cryptic, inscrutable
cryptic, mysterious
cryptic, mystifying
paradoxical, self-contradictory
unaccountable, unexplainable
explicit, expressed
declared, stated
definitive, unequivocal
hard-core, hardcore
implicit, inexplicit
silent, tacit
silent, understood
unexpressed, unsaid
unexpressed, unstated
unexpressed, unuttered
unexpressed, unverbalized
unexpressed, unverbalised
unexpressed, unvoiced
unexpressed, unspoken
unexploited, undeveloped
speakable, utterable
inexpressible, unexpressible
indefinable, indescribable
indefinable, ineffable
indefinable, unspeakable
indefinable, untellable
indefinable, unutterable
extensile, extensible
protractile, protractible
protrusile, protrusible
nonextensile, inextensible
nonextensile, nonprotractile
digitate, fingerlike
erectile, cavernous
expandable, expandible
expandable, expansible
outermost, outmost
inmost, innermost
inmost, innermost
inner, interior
inner, internal
secret, private
keen-eyed, sharp-eyed
saucer-eyed, round-eyed
fair, just
antimonopoly, antitrust
clean, sporting
clean, sporty
clean, sportsmanlike
unfair, unjust
cheating, dirty
cheating, foul
cheating, unsporting
cheating, unsportsmanlike
equitable, just
honest, fair
inequitable, unjust
firm, loyal
firm, truehearted
firm, fast
punic, perfidious
punic, treacherous
adulterous, cheating
adulterous, two-timing
hard-core, hardcore
faithless, traitorous
faithless, unfaithful
faithless, treasonable
faithless, treasonous
insurgent, seditious
insurgent, subversive
recreant, renegade
erring, error-prone
undependable, unreliable
foolproof, unfailing
inerrable, inerrant
inerrable, unerring
long-familiar, well-known
strange, unknown
strange, unusual
antic, fantastic
antic, fantastical
antic, grotesque
curious, funny
curious, odd
curious, peculiar
curious, queer
curious, rum
curious, rummy
curious, singular
eerie, eery
common, usual
fashionable, stylish
latest, modish
dapper, dashing
dapper, jaunty
dapper, natty
dapper, raffish
dapper, rakish
dapper, spiffy
dapper, snappy
dapper, spruce
faddish, faddy
groovy, swagger
up-to-date, cutting-edge
up-to-date, with-it
mod, modern
mod, modernistic
old-time, quaint
swank, swanky
trendsetting, trend-setting
trendy, voguish
unfashionable, unstylish
antique, demode
antique, ex
antique, old-fashioned
antique, old-hat
antique, outmoded
antique, passe
antique, passee
dowdy, frumpy
dowdy, frumpish
fogyish, moss-grown
fogyish, mossy
fogyish, stick-in-the-mud
fogyish, stodgy
stylish, fashionable
chic, smart
chic, voguish
classy, posh
classy, swish
styleless, unstylish
blistering, hot
blistering, red-hot
fleet, swift
high-speed, high-velocity
hurrying, scurrying
immediate, prompt
immediate, quick
immediate, straightaway
instantaneous, instant
quick, speedy
rapid, speedy
dilatory, laggard
dilatory, poky
dilatory, pokey
long-play, long-playing
sluggish, sulky
choosy, choosey
dainty, nice
dainty, overnice
dainty, prissy
dainty, squeamish
finical, finicky
finical, fussy
finical, particular
finical, picky
pernickety, persnickety
old-maidish, old-womanish
fastidious, exacting
abdominous, paunchy
abdominous, potbellied
chubby, embonpoint
chubby, plump
buxom, zaftig
buxom, zoftig
corpulent, obese
corpulent, weighty
corpulent, rotund
double-chinned, jowly
double-chinned, loose-jowled
dumpy, podgy
dumpy, pudgy
dumpy, tubby
dumpy, roly-poly
fleshy, heavy
fleshy, overweight
gross, porcine
portly, stout
thin, lean
anorexic, anorectic
bony, cadaverous
bony, emaciated
bony, gaunt
bony, haggard
bony, pinched
bony, skeletal
bony, wasted
deep-eyed, hollow-eyed
deep-eyed, sunken-eyed
gangling, gangly
gangling, lanky
lank, spindly
reedy, reedlike
twiggy, twiglike
scraggy, boney
scraggy, scrawny
scraggy, skinny
scraggy, underweight
scraggy, weedy
shriveled, shrivelled
shriveled, shrunken
shriveled, withered
shriveled, wizen
shriveled, wizened
slender, slight
slender, slim
slender, svelte
slender-waisted, slim-waisted
slender-waisted, wasp-waisted
spare, trim
spindle-legged, spindle-shanked
stringy, wiry
wisplike, wispy
fatty, fat
greasy, oily
greasy, sebaceous
greasy, oleaginous
nonfat, fat-free
nonfat, fatless
light, lite
light, low-cal
light, calorie-free
skim, skimmed
deadly, deathly
deadly, mortal
deadly, lethal
fathomable, plumbable
fathomable, soundable
favorable, favourable
unfavorable, unfavourable
adverse, contrary
favorable, favourable
approving, affirmative
approving, approbative
approving, approbatory
approving, plausive
unfavorable, unfavourable
admonitory, admonishing
admonitory, reproachful
admonitory, reproving
adverse, inauspicious
adverse, untoward
discriminatory, invidious
featherlike, feathery
fledged, vaned
plumate, plumed
plumate, plumose
plumed, plumy
plumelike, plumy
unfeathered, featherless
unfledged, fledgeless
unfledged, unvaned
congratulatory, gratulatory
happy, well-chosen
awkward, clumsy
awkward, cumbersome
awkward, inapt
awkward, inept
awkward, ill-chosen
conceptive, impregnable
sterile, unfertile
sterile, infertile
sterilized, sterilised
unfertilized, unfertilised
unfertilized, unimpregnated
complete, concluded
complete, ended
complete, over
complete, terminated
done, through
incomplete, uncompleted
dressed, polished
raw, unsanded
roughhewn, rough-cut
bounded, delimited
boundless, unbounded
boundless, limitless
dateless, endless
dateless, sempiternal
inexhaustible, unlimited
infinite, non-finite
beginning, first
inaugural, initiative
inaugural, initiatory
inaugural, first
inaugural, maiden
concluding, final
concluding, last
concluding, terminal
archetypal, archetypical
archetypal, prototypal
archetypal, prototypic
archetypal, prototypical
basic, introductory
firstborn, eldest
freshman, first-year
premier, premiere
premier, prime
senior, fourth-year
grey, gray
in-between, mediate
in-between, middle
junior, third-year
junior, next-to-last
penultimate, next-to-last
sophomore, second-year
fissionable, fissile
able, able-bodied
afflicted, impaired
apractic, apraxic
bandy, bandy-legged
bandy, bowed
bandy, bowleg
bandy, bowlegged
crippled, halt
crippled, halting
crippled, lame
crippled, gimpy
crippled, game
crookback, crookbacked
crookback, humped
crookback, humpbacked
crookback, hunchbacked
crookback, gibbous
crookback, kyphotic
disabled, handicapped
soft, flabby
soft, flaccid
dipped, lordotic
dipped, swayback
dipped, swaybacked
maimed, mutilated
suitable, suited
flexible, flexile
bendable, pliable
bendable, pliant
bendable, waxy
limber, supple
spinnable, spinnbar
rigid, stiff
limber, supple
adamant, adamantine
adamant, inexorable
adamant, intransigent
die-hard, rock-ribbed
fossilized, fossilised
fossilized, ossified
ironclad, brassbound
uncompromising, sturdy
uncompromising, inflexible
hard-line, hardline
compromising, conciliatory
compromising, flexible
elastic, flexible
elastic, pliable
elastic, pliant
inflexible, rigid
inflexible, unbending
anatropous, inverted
curled, curling
crisp, frizzly
crisp, frizzy
crisp, kinky
crisp, nappy
swift-footed, fast-footed
web-footed, web-toed
apodal, apodous
pointy-toed, pointed-toe
square-toed, squared-toe
two-toed, two-toe
splayfooted, splayfoot
forehand, forehanded
backhand, backhanded
connatural, inborn
connatural, inbred
adopted, adoptive
foreign, strange
alien, exotic
established, naturalized
foreign-born, nonnative
unnaturalized, unnaturalised
autochthonal, autochthonic
autochthonal, autochthonous
autochthonal, endemic
autochthonal, indigenous
native, aboriginal
abroad, overseas
external, international
external, outside
home, interior
home, internal
home, national
haunting, persistent
kind, tolerant
revengeful, vindictive
revengeful, vengeful
ceremonious, conventional
dress, full-dress
full-dress, dress
nominal, titular
positive, prescribed
semiformal, semi-formal
semiformal, black-tie
starchy, stiff
starchy, buckram
casual, everyday
casual, daily
free-and-easy, casual
unceremonious, unceremonial
colloquial, conversational
common, vernacular
common, vulgar
epistolary, epistolatory
unliterary, nonliterary
felicitous, happy
good, well
heaven-sent, providential
heaven-sent, miraculous
black, calamitous
black, disastrous
black, fatal
black, fateful
dispossessed, homeless
dispossessed, roofless
hapless, miserable
hapless, misfortunate
hapless, pathetic
hapless, piteous
hapless, pitiable
hapless, pitiful
hapless, poor
hapless, wretched
doomed, ill-fated
doomed, ill-omened
doomed, ill-starred
doomed, unlucky
infelicitous, unhappy
aromatic, redolent
odoriferous, odorous
odoriferous, perfumed
odoriferous, scented
odoriferous, sweet
odoriferous, sweet-scented
odoriferous, sweet-smelling
perfumed, scented
malodorous, malodourous
malodorous, unpleasant-smelling
malodorous, ill-smelling
malodorous, stinky
fetid, foetid
fetid, foul
fetid, foul-smelling
fetid, funky
fetid, noisome
fetid, smelly
fetid, stinking
fetid, ill-scented
fusty, musty
fusty, frowsty
gamey, gamy
gamey, high
miasmic, mephitic
odoriferous, odorous
sour, rancid
musk-scented, musky-scented
redolent, smelling
strong-smelling, strong-scented
tansy-scented, tansy-smelling
odorless, odourless
odorless, inodorous
conjugate, conjugated
conjugate, conjugated
fast, firm
fast, immobile
detached, free
unfirm, unsteady
autonomous, independent
autonomous, self-governing
autonomous, sovereign
available, uncommitted
aweigh, atrip
emancipated, liberated
unconfined, unimprisoned
adscript, adscripted
apprenticed, articled
apprenticed, bound
apprenticed, indentured
captive, confined
captive, imprisoned
captive, jailed
nonautonomous, nonsovereign
free-soil, slaveless
free-soil, non-slave
prevailing, prevalent
prevailing, predominant
prevailing, dominant
prevailing, rife
regular, steady
good, undecomposed
good, unspoiled
good, unspoilt
strong, warm
bad, spoiled
bad, spoilt
flyblown, maggoty
limp, wilted
moldy, mouldy
moldy, musty
corrupt, tainted
aged, cured
candied, crystalized
candied, crystalised
candied, glace
canned, tinned
corned, cured
dried, dehydrated
dried, desiccated
flash-frozen, quick-frozen
flash-frozen, frozen
lyophilized, lyophilised
lyophilized, freeze-dried
salted, salt-cured
salted, brine-cured
smoked, smoke-cured
smoked, smoke-dried
sun-dried, sundried
fresh, sweet
brackish, briny
affable, amiable
affable, cordial
affable, genial
chummy, matey
chummy, pally
chummy, palsy-walsy
comradely, hail-fellow
comradely, hail-fellow-well-met
couthie, couthy
cozy, intimate
cozy, informal
neighborly, neighbourly
beetle-browed, scowling
unneighborly, unneighbourly
liquescent, melting
berried, baccate
berried, bacciferous
bountiful, plentiful
fat, fertile
fat, productive
fat, rich
generative, procreative
generative, reproductive
prolific, fertile
abortive, stillborn
abortive, unsuccessful
afloat, awash
afloat, flooded
afloat, inundated
afloat, overflowing
brimful, brimfull
brimful, brimming
chockablock, chock-full
chockablock, chockful
chockablock, choke-full
chockablock, chuck-full
congested, engorged
fraught, pregnant
glutted, overfull
instinct, replete
laden, loaded
laden, ladened
overladen, overloaded
untouched, untasted
bare, stripped
blank, clean
blank, white
glassy, glazed
looted, pillaged
looted, plundered
looted, ransacked
part-time, parttime
irregular, temporary
utilitarian, useful
cosmetic, decorative
cosmetic, ornamental
running, operative
running, functional
running, working
malfunctioning, nonfunctional
amiss, awry
amiss, haywire
amiss, wrong
bad, defective
lateen, lateen-rigged
equipped, equipt
accoutered, accoutred
armored, panoplied
transistorized, transistorised
fledged, mature
fledgling, fledgeling
unfledged, immature
furnished, equipped
well-appointed, well-found
coal-fired, coal-burning
wood-fired, wood-burning
nominative, nominal
back-geared, double-geared
engaged, meshed
engaged, intermeshed
broad, unspecific
general-purpose, all-purpose
limited, special
particular, peculiar
particular, special
particularized, particularised
branchiate, gilled
abranchiate, abranchial
abranchiate, abranchious
abranchiate, gill-less
centralized, centralised
decentralized, decentralised
localized, localised
suburbanized, suburbanised
nontechnical, untechnical
benevolent, freehearted
big, bighearted
big, bounteous
big, bountiful
big, freehanded
big, handsome
big, giving
big, liberal
big, openhanded
lavish, munificent
lavish, overgenerous
lavish, too-generous
lavish, unsparing
lavish, unstinted
lavish, unstinting
stingy, ungenerous
beggarly, mean
cheap, chinchy
cheap, chintzy
cheeseparing, close
cheeseparing, near
cheeseparing, penny-pinching
cheeseparing, skinny
closefisted, hardfisted
closefisted, tightfisted
grudging, niggardly
grudging, scrimy
mean, mingy
mean, miserly
mean, tight
parsimonious, penurious
big, large
big, magnanimous
ungenerous, meanspirited
genuine, echt
authentic, unquestionable
authentic, veritable
attested, authenticated
attested, documented
good, honest
honest-to-god, honest-to-goodness
honest-to-god, old
honest-to-god, sure-enough
counterfeit, imitative
assumed, false
assumed, fictitious
assumed, fictive
assumed, pretended
assumed, sham
bad, forged
bogus, fake
bogus, phony
bogus, phoney
bogus, bastard
inauthentic, unauthentic
inauthentic, spurious
ostensible, ostensive
talented, gifted
untalented, talentless
glazed, shiny
glassy, vitreous
glassy, vitrified
glossy, calendered
glazed, glassed
unglazed, glassless
celebrated, historied
celebrated, storied
divine, elysian
divine, inspired
empyreal, empyrean
empyreal, sublime
obscure, unknown
obscure, unsung
a-ok, a-okay
bang-up, bully
bang-up, corking
bang-up, cracking
bang-up, dandy
bang-up, great
bang-up, groovy
bang-up, keen
bang-up, neat
bang-up, nifty
bang-up, peachy
bang-up, slap-up
bang-up, swell
bang-up, smashing
satisfactory, acceptable
atrocious, abominable
atrocious, awful
atrocious, dreadful
atrocious, painful
atrocious, terrible
atrocious, unspeakable
corked, corky
deplorable, distressing
deplorable, lamentable
deplorable, pitiful
deplorable, sad
deplorable, sorry
fearful, frightful
hard, tough
icky, crappy
icky, lousy
icky, rotten
icky, shitty
icky, stinking
icky, stinky
incompetent, unskilled
rubber, no-good
unfavorable, unfavourable
angelic, angelical
angelic, beatific
angelic, saintlike
angelic, saintly
angelic, sainted
redemptive, redeeming
redemptive, saving
atrocious, flagitious
atrocious, grievous
atrocious, monstrous
black, dark
black, sinister
corruptive, perversive
corruptive, pestiferous
demonic, diabolic
demonic, diabolical
demonic, fiendish
demonic, hellish
demonic, infernal
demonic, satanic
demonic, unholy
despicable, ugly
despicable, vile
despicable, slimy
despicable, unworthy
despicable, worthless
despicable, wretched
devilish, diabolic
devilish, diabolical
devilish, mephistophelian
devilish, mephistophelean
amiable, good-humored
amiable, good-humoured
equable, even-tempered
equable, good-tempered
equable, placid
atrabilious, bilious
atrabilious, dyspeptic
atrabilious, liverish
bristly, prickly
bristly, splenetic
bristly, waspish
cantankerous, crotchety
cantankerous, ornery
choleric, irascible
choleric, hotheaded
choleric, hot-tempered
choleric, quick-tempered
choleric, short-tempered
crabbed, crabby
crabbed, cross
crabbed, fussy
crabbed, grouchy
crabbed, grumpy
crabbed, bad-tempered
crabbed, ill-tempered
cranky, fractious
cranky, irritable
cranky, nettlesome
cranky, peevish
cranky, peckish
cranky, pettish
cranky, petulant
cranky, scratchy
cranky, testy
cranky, tetchy
cranky, techy
crusty, curmudgeonly
crusty, gruff
crusty, ill-humored
crusty, ill-humoured
dark, dour
dark, glowering
dark, glum
dark, moody
dark, morose
dark, saturnine
dark, sour
dark, sullen
huffish, sulky
misanthropic, misanthropical
misogynous, misogynistic
shirty, snorty
shrewish, nagging
snappish, snappy
spoiled, spoilt
surly, ugly
vinegary, vinegarish
fluent, fluid
fluent, liquid
fluent, smooth
gracile, willowy
lissome, lissom
lissome, lithe
lissome, lithesome
lissome, slender
lissome, supple
lissome, svelte
lissome, sylphlike
gawky, clumsy
gawky, clunky
gawky, ungainly
gawky, unwieldy
graceless, ungraceful
labored, laboured
labored, strained
elegant, graceful
elegant, refined
graceless, unpleasing
bit-by-bit, piecemeal
bit-by-bit, step-by-step
bit-by-bit, stepwise
gradational, gradatory
gradational, graduated
choppy, jerky
easy, gentle
abrupt, precipitous
abrupt, sharp
bluff, bold
bluff, sheer
grammatical, well-formed
ungrammatical, ill-formed
grateful, thankful
ungrateful, thankless
ungrateful, unthankful
haploid, haploidic
haploid, monoploid
golden, halcyon
golden, prosperous
laughing, riant
miserable, suffering
miserable, wretched
regretful, sorry
regretful, bad
unregretful, unregretting
corneous, hornlike
corneous, horny
tumid, erect
firm, solid
granitic, granitelike
granitic, rocklike
granitic, stony
hardened, set
petrous, stonelike
brushed, fleecy
brushed, napped
compressible, squeezable
cushioned, cushiony
cushioned, padded
demulcent, emollient
demulcent, salving
demulcent, softening
downy, downlike
downy, flossy
downy, fluffy
flocculent, woolly
flocculent, wooly
softish, semisoft
spongy, squashy
spongy, squishy
spongy, spongelike
velvet, velvety
calculating, calculative
calculating, conniving
calculating, scheming
calculating, shrewd
case-hardened, hardened
case-hardened, hard-boiled
fricative, continuant
fricative, sibilant
fricative, spirant
fricative, strident
palatal, palatalized
palatal, palatalised
hard, concentrated
soft, diffuse
soft, diffused
hardhearted, heartless
flinty, flint
flinty, granitic
flinty, obdurate
flinty, stony
softhearted, soft-boiled
hard, strong
intoxicant, intoxicating
spirituous, spiritous
innocent, innocuous
deleterious, hurtful
deleterious, injurious
calumniatory, calumnious
calumniatory, defamatory
calumniatory, denigrative
calumniatory, denigrating
calumniatory, denigratory
calumniatory, libellous
calumniatory, libelous
calumniatory, slanderous
catastrophic, ruinous
damaging, detrimental
damaging, prejudicial
damaging, prejudicious
insidious, pernicious
insidious, subtle
stabbing, wounding
consonant, harmonic
consonant, harmonical
consonant, harmonized
consonant, harmonised
harmonic, sympathetic
on-key, true
symphonic, symphonious
inharmonious, unharmonious
discordant, disharmonious
discordant, dissonant
discordant, inharmonic
false, off-key
false, sour
unresolved, dissonant
anthelmintic, anthelminthic
anthelmintic, helminthic
anthelmintic, parasiticidal
antimicrobial, antimicrobic
carminative, flatus-relieving
cathartic, psychotherapeutic
curative, healing
curative, alterative
curative, remedial
curative, sanative
curative, therapeutic
good, salutary
medicative, medicinal
preventive, preventative
preventive, prophylactic
recuperative, restorative
crippling, disabling
crippling, incapacitating
infective, morbific
infective, pathogenic
unmedicinal, unmedicative
unmedicinal, unmedical
unmedicinal, nonmedicinal
surgical, operative
flushed, rose-cheeked
flushed, rosy
flushed, rosy-cheeked
good, sound
hale, whole
hearty, full-blooded
hearty, lusty
hearty, red-blooded
rubicund, ruddy
rubicund, florid
rubicund, sanguine
arthritic, creaky
arthritic, rheumatic
arthritic, rheumatoid
arthritic, rheumy
asthmatic, wheezing
asthmatic, wheezy
bad, unfit
bad, unsound
blebby, blistery
puffy, intumescent
puffy, tumescent
puffy, tumid
puffy, turgid
cankerous, ulcerated
cankerous, ulcerous
carbuncled, carbuncular
colicky, flatulent
colicky, gassy
diseased, morbid
diseased, pathologic
diseased, pathological
edematous, dropsical
foaming, foamy
foaming, frothing
gangrenous, mortified
ingrowing, ingrown
jaundiced, icteric
jaundiced, yellow
membranous, membrane-forming
proinflammatory, pro-inflammatory
sallow, sickly
sunburned, sunburnt
windburned, windburnt
ambrosial, ambrosian
celestial, ethereal
celestial, supernal
divine, godly
divine, godlike
paradisiacal, paradisiac
paradisiacal, paradisaical
paradisiacal, paradisaic
paradisiacal, paradisal
providential, divine
translunar, translunary
translunar, superlunar
translunar, superlunary
mundane, terrene
sublunar, sublunary
sublunar, terrestrial
beheaded, decapitated
doughy, soggy
buoyant, floaty
burdensome, onerous
burdensome, taxing
distressing, distressful
distressing, disturbing
distressing, perturbing
distressing, troubling
distressing, worrisome
distressing, worrying
leaden, weighted
fooling, casual
easy, gentle
easy, soft
light, lightsome
light, tripping
heavy, lumbering
heavy, ponderous
light-armed, lightly-armed
heedless, unheeding
careless, regardless
deaf, indifferent
heedful, attentive
heedful, thoughtful
sanctionative, sanctioning
disabling, disqualifying
implemental, instrumental
implemental, subservient
laborsaving, laboursaving
reformative, reformatory
stabilizing, stabilising
heterogeneous, heterogenous
assorted, miscellaneous
assorted, mixed
assorted, motley
assorted, sundry
inhomogeneous, nonuniform
homogeneous, homogenous
consistent, uniform
solid, self-colored
solid, self-coloured
homogenized, homogenised
gay, queer
gay, homophile
lesbian, sapphic
pederastic, paederastic
transgender, transgendered
transvestic, transvestite
hierarchical, hierarchal
hierarchical, hierarchic
class-conscious, stratified
graded, ranked
graded, stratified
nonhierarchical, nonhierarchic
ungraded, unordered
ungraded, unranked
commanding, dominating
commanding, overlooking
eminent, lofty
eminent, soaring
eminent, towering
high-level, high-altitude
high-stepped, high-stepping
high-top, high-topped
low-growing, flat-growing
low-growing, ground-hugging
low-level, low-altitude
lowset, low-set
nether, under
squat, underslung
upraised, lifted
high-tech, hi-tech
advanced, sophisticated
decollete, low-cut
decollete, low-necked
broad, full
graduate, postgraduate
last, utmost
debased, devalued
debased, degraded
depressed, down
reduced, rock-bottom
high, high-pitched
adenoidal, pinched
adenoidal, nasal
countertenor, alto
peaky, spiky
shrill, sharp
screaky, screechy
screaky, squeaking
screaky, squeaky
screaky, squealing
soprano, treble
low, low-pitched
alto, contralto
bass, deep
contrabass, double-bass
apish, apelike
echoic, imitative
echoic, onomatopoeic
echoic, onomatopoeical
echoic, onomatopoetic
multistory, multistorey
multistory, multistoried
storied, storeyed
upland, highland
alpestrine, subalpine
low-lying, sea-level
homologic, homological
heterologous, heterologic
heterologous, heterological
honest, honorable
dishonest, dishonorable
ambidextrous, deceitful
ambidextrous, double-dealing
ambidextrous, duplicitous
ambidextrous, Janus-faced
ambidextrous, two-faced
ambidextrous, double-faced
ambidextrous, double-tongued
deceitful, fallacious
deceitful, fraudulent
deceptive, misleading
deceptive, shoddy
rascally, roguish
rascally, scoundrelly
rascally, blackguardly
thieving, thievish
truthful, true
honorable, honourable
august, revered
august, venerable
time-honored, time-honoured
dishonorable, dishonourable
black, disgraceful
black, ignominious
black, inglorious
black, opprobrious
black, shameful
debasing, degrading
anticipant, anticipative
anticipant, expectant
abject, unhopeful
black, bleak
black, dim
despairing, desperate
despondent, heartsick
helpless, lost
institutionalized, institutionalised
noninstitutionalized, noninstitutionalised
institutionalized, institutionalised
inconsolable, disconsolate
inconsolable, unconsolable
naiant, swimming
vertical, perpendicular
upright, unsloped
atilt, canted
atilt, leaning
atilt, tilted
atilt, tipped
aslant, aslope
aslant, diagonal
aslant, slanted
aslant, slanting
aslant, sloped
aslant, sloping
skew, skewed
erect, vertical
erect, upright
rampant, rearing
straight, unbent
straight, unbowed
accumbent, decumbent
accumbent, recumbent
bended, bent
cernuous, drooping
cernuous, nodding
cernuous, pendulous
cernuous, weeping
dormant, sleeping
flat, prostrate
hunched, round-backed
hunched, round-shouldered
hunched, stooped
hunched, stooping
hunched, crooked
prone, prostrate
supine, resupine
seated, sitting
gushing, pouring
jetting, spouting
jetting, spurting
jetting, squirting
dead, stagnant
passing, pass
kind, genial
bare, barren
bare, bleak
bare, desolate
bare, stark
godforsaken, waste
godforsaken, wild
hostile, uncongenial
hostile, unfriendly
aggressive, belligerent
antagonistic, antipathetic
antagonistic, antipathetical
opponent, opposing
unfriendly, inimical
friendly, favorable
friendly, well-disposed
well-meaning, unthreatening
blistering, blistery
calefacient, warming
calefactory, calefactive
fervent, fervid
fiery, igneous
heated, het
sultry, stifling
sultry, sulfurous
sultry, sulphurous
sweltering, sweltry
tropical, tropic
white, white-hot
arctic, frigid
arctic, gelid
arctic, glacial
arctic, icy
arctic, polar
bleak, cutting
bleak, raw
chilly, parky
crisp, frosty
crisp, nipping
crisp, nippy
crisp, snappy
frosty, rimed
frosty, rimy
refrigerant, refrigerating
unheated, unwarmed
spring-flowering, early-flowering
spring-flowering, spring-blooming
spring-flowering, early-blooming
spring-flowering, late-spring-blooming
aestival, estival
summer-flowering, summer-blooming
autumn-flowering, autumn-blooming
autumn-flowering, fall-flowering
autumn-flowering, fall-blooming
autumn-flowering, late-flowering
autumn-flowering, late-blooming
wintry, wintery
brumal, hibernal
brumal, hiemal
winter-blooming, winter-flowering
fiery, flaming
red-hot, sizzling
sensual, sultry
emotionless, passionless
frigid, frosty
frigid, frozen
frigid, glacial
frigid, icy
frigid, wintry
anthropoid, manlike
anthropomorphic, anthropomorphous
anthropomorphic, humanlike
fallible, frail
fallible, imperfect
fallible, weak
hominian, hominid
anthropoid, anthropoidal
anthropoid, apelike
dehumanized, dehumanised
dehumanized, unhuman
divine, godlike
herculean, powerful
human-centered, human-centred
human-centered, humanist
human-centered, humanistic
human-centered, humanitarian
barbarous, brutal
barbarous, cruel
barbarous, fell
barbarous, roughshod
barbarous, savage
barbarous, vicious
beastly, bestial
beastly, brute
beastly, brutish
beastly, brutal
cold, cold-blooded
cold, inhuman
cold, insensate
pitiless, unkind
humorous, humourous
bantering, facetious
bantering, tongue-in-cheek
buffoonish, clownish
buffoonish, clownlike
buffoonish, zany
amusing, comic
amusing, comical
amusing, funny
amusing, laughable
amusing, mirthful
amusing, risible
dry, ironic
dry, ironical
dry, wry
farcical, ludicrous
farcical, ridiculous
hilarious, screaming
hilarious, uproarious
jesting, jocose
jesting, jocular
jesting, joking
killing, sidesplitting
seriocomic, seriocomical
tragicomic, tragicomical
humorless, humourless
humorless, unhumorous
empty, empty-bellied
famished, ravenous
famished, sharp-set
famished, starved
famished, esurient
flying, quick
flying, fast
hasty, headlong
hasty, overhasty
hasty, precipitate
hasty, precipitant
hasty, precipitous
helter-skelter, pell-mell
rush, rushed
careful, deliberate
careful, measured
easy, easygoing
easy, leisurely
classifiable, distinctive
recognizable, recognisable
recognizable, placeable
unrecognizable, unrecognisable
immanent, subjective
transeunt, transient
dicky, dickey
diminished, lessened
diminished, vitiated
diminished, weakened
dyslectic, dyslexic
all-important, crucial
all-important, essential
cardinal, central
cardinal, fundamental
cardinal, key
cardinal, primal
chief, main
chief, primary
chief, principal
chief, master
consequential, eventful
grave, grievous
grave, heavy
grave, weighty
great, outstanding
inconsequent, inconsequential
immaterial, indifferent
fiddling, footling
fiddling, lilliputian
fiddling, little
fiddling, niggling
fiddling, piddling
fiddling, piffling
fiddling, petty
fiddling, picayune
fiddling, trivial
nickel-and-dime, small-time
amazing, awe-inspiring
amazing, awesome
amazing, awful
amazing, awing
arresting, sensational
arresting, stunning
astonishing, astounding
astonishing, staggering
astonishing, stupefying
baronial, imposing
baronial, noble
baronial, stately
dazzling, eye-popping
dazzling, fulgurant
dazzling, fulgurous
dramatic, spectacular
dramatic, striking
expansive, grand
expansive, heroic
gallant, lofty
gallant, majestic
gallant, proud
brilliant, glorious
brilliant, magnificent
brilliant, splendid
detectable, perceptible
discernible, evident
discernible, observable
marked, pronounced
insignificant, undistinguished
built, reinforced
dirt, ungraded
apt, disposed
apt, given
apt, minded
apt, tending
fond, partial
antipathetic, antipathetical
antipathetic, averse
antipathetic, indisposed
antipathetic, loath
antipathetic, loth
inbound, inward
future, next
future, succeeding
inflowing, influent
outbound, outward
outbound, outward-bound
effluent, outflowing
past, preceding
past, retiring
illative, inferential
decadent, effete
dissipated, betting
dissipated, card-playing
dissipated, sporting
epicurean, luxurious
epicurean, luxuriant
epicurean, sybaritic
epicurean, voluptuary
epicurean, voluptuous
hedonic, hedonistic
hedonic, epicurean
intemperate, hard
intemperate, heavy
nonindulgent, strict
austere, stern
blue, puritanic
blue, puritanical
corrective, disciplinary
corrective, disciplinal
renunciant, renunciative
renunciant, self-abnegating
renunciant, self-denying
self-disciplined, self-restraining
severe, spartan
developed, highly-developed
industrialized, industrialised
developing, underdeveloped
unindustrialized, unindustrialised
catching, communicable
catching, contagious
catching, contractable
catching, transmissible
catching, transmittable
corrupting, contaminating
noncommunicable, noncontagious
noncommunicable, nontransmissible
chthonian, chthonic
chthonian, nether
Hadean, Plutonian
Hadean, Tartarean
informative, informatory
advisory, consultative
advisory, consultatory
advisory, consultive
exemplifying, illustrative
revealing, telling
revealing, telltale
agnostic, agnostical
nescient, unbelieving
conversant, familiar
educated, enlightened
hep, hip
knowing, wise
knowledgeable, knowing
ignorant, unknowledgeable
ignorant, unknowing
ignorant, unwitting
innocent, unacquainted
uninstructed, unenlightened
uninstructed, naive
ingenuous, artless
candid, open
candid, heart-to-heart
disingenuous, artful
distorted, misrepresented
distorted, perverted
distorted, twisted
colonized, colonised
colonized, settled
occupied, tenanted
abandoned, derelict
abandoned, deserted
unoccupied, untenanted
unpeopled, unpopulated
lonely, solitary
lonely, unfrequented
inheritable, heritable
ancestral, hereditary
ancestral, patrimonial
ancestral, transmissible
familial, genetic
familial, hereditary
familial, inherited
familial, transmitted
familial, transmissible
noninheritable, nonheritable
congenital, inborn
congenital, innate
nonhereditary, nontransmissible
pent-up, repressed
smothered, stifled
smothered, strangled
smothered, suppressed
black-and-blue, livid
disjointed, dislocated
disjointed, separated
hurt, wounded
lacerate, lacerated
lacerate, mangled
lacerate, torn
intact, inviolate
unharmed, unhurt
unharmed, unscathed
unharmed, whole
innocent, guiltless
innocent, clean-handed
absolved, clear
absolved, cleared
absolved, exculpated
absolved, exonerated
absolved, vindicated
blameless, inculpable
blameless, irreproachable
blameless, unimpeachable
blameworthy, blamable
blameworthy, blameable
blameworthy, blameful
blameworthy, censurable
blameworthy, culpable
chargeable, indictable
finable, fineable
ennobling, exalting
instructive, informative
clarifying, elucidative
demonstrative, illustrative
didactic, didactical
expository, expositive
interpretative, interpretive
edifying, enlightening
unedifying, unenlightening
enlightening, informative
enlightening, illuminating
unenlightening, unilluminating
co-ed, coeducational
desegrated, nonsegregated
desegrated, unsegregated
interracial, mixed
segregated, unintegrated
isolated, quarantined
white, lily-white
coordinated, co-ordinated
coordinated, interconnected
coordinated, unified
nonintegrated, unintegrated
homogenized, homogenised
unhomogenized, unhomogenised
occluded, sorbed
uncompounded, unmixed
combinative, combinatory
combinative, combinatorial
consolidative, unifying
endogenic, endogenetic
highbrow, highbrowed
good, serious
anti-intellectual, philistine
lowbrow, lowbrowed
lowbrow, uncultivated
agile, nimble
apt, clever
brainy, brilliant
bright, smart
natural, born
natural, innate
quick, ready
searching, trenchant
unintelligent, stupid
brainless, headless
slurred, thick
conscious, witting
deliberate, calculated
deliberate, measured
intentional, knowing
well-intentioned, well-meaning
well-intentioned, well-meant
accidental, inadvertent
causeless, fortuitous
causeless, uncaused
unintentional, unplanned
unintentional, unwitting
designed, intentional
aggravating, exacerbating
aggravating, exasperating
augmentative, enhancive
deepening, thickening
alleviative, alleviatory
alleviative, lenitive
alleviative, mitigative
alleviative, mitigatory
alleviative, palliative
analgesic, analgetic
analgesic, anodyne
interspecies, interspecific
intraspecies, intraspecific
apathetic, indifferent
blase, bored
dulled, benumbed
absorbing, engrossing
absorbing, fascinating
absorbing, gripping
absorbing, riveting
amusing, amusive
amusing, diverting
boring, deadening
boring, dull
boring, ho-hum
boring, irksome
boring, slow
boring, tedious
boring, tiresome
boring, wearisome
insipid, jejune
narcotic, soporiferous
narcotic, soporific
pedestrian, prosaic
pedestrian, prosy
pedestrian, earthbound
internal, intragroup
interscholastic, interschool
intrinsic, intrinsical
built-in, constitutional
built-in, inbuilt
built-in, inherent
built-in, integral
inner, internal
inner, intimate
alien, foreign
external, extraneous
external, outside
introspective, introverted
introspective, self-examining
extrospective, extroverted
introversive, introvertive
introvertish, shut-in
extroversive, extraversive
extrovert, extravert
extrovert, extroverted
extrovert, extraverted
extrovert, extrovertive
extrovert, extravertive
encroaching, invasive
encroaching, trespassing
interfering, meddlesome
interfering, meddling
interfering, officious
interfering, busy
interfering, busybodied
beetle, beetling
bellied, bellying
bellied, bulbous
bellied, bulging
bellied, bulgy
bellied, protuberant
jutting, projected
jutting, projecting
jutting, protruding
jutting, relieved
jutting, sticking
underhung, undershot
underhung, underslung
ventricose, ventricous
igneous, eruptive
aqueous, sedimentary
irruptive, plutonic
aggressive, fast-growing
aggressive, strong-growing
animating, enlivening
bracing, brisk
bracing, fresh
bracing, refreshing
bracing, refreshful
bracing, tonic
exhilarating, stimulating
life-giving, vitalizing
renewing, restorative
renewing, reviving
renewing, revitalizing
renewing, revitalising
debilitative, enervating
debilitative, enfeebling
debilitative, weakening
draining, exhausting
tantalizing, tantalising
tantalizing, tempting
tantalizing, tantalising
unattractive, untempting
smoothed, smoothened
unironed, wrinkled
drip-dry, permanent-press
wrinkled, wrinkly
unwrinkled, wrinkleless
isotropic, isotropous
aeolotropic, eolotropic
doleful, mournful
melancholy, melancholic
pensive, wistful
tragic, tragical
tragicomic, tragicomical
anguished, tormented
anguished, tortured
bereaved, bereft
bereaved, grief-stricken
bereaved, grieving
bereaved, mourning
bereaved, sorrowing
brokenhearted, heartbroken
brokenhearted, heartsick
dolorous, dolourous
dolorous, lachrymose
dolorous, tearful
dolorous, weeping
grievous, heartbreaking
grievous, heartrending
lamenting, wailing
lamenting, wailful
mournful, plaintive
woebegone, woeful
ecstatic, enraptured
ecstatic, rapturous
ecstatic, rapt
ecstatic, rhapsodic
elated, gleeful
elated, joyful
elated, jubilant
gay, festal
gay, festive
gay, merry
gay, jocund
gay, jolly
gay, jovial
gay, merry
gay, mirthful
funereal, sepulchral
lush, succulent
fitting, meet
retributive, retributory
retributive, vindicatory
merited, deserved
benignant, gracious
charitable, benevolent
charitable, kindly
charitable, sympathetic
charitable, good-hearted
charitable, openhearted
charitable, large-hearted
kindhearted, kind-hearted
cutting, edged
cutting, stinging
harsh, rough
unkindly, unsympathetic
knowable, cognizable
knowable, cognisable
knowable, cognoscible
celebrated, famed
celebrated, far-famed
celebrated, famous
celebrated, illustrious
celebrated, notable
celebrated, noted
celebrated, renowned
chartless, uncharted
chartless, unmapped
unbeknown, unbeknownst
undiscovered, unexplored
appreciated, apprehended
appreciated, comprehended
interpreted, taken
labeled, labelled
labeled, tagged
unlabeled, unlabelled
unlabeled, untagged
unlamented, unmourned
oceangoing, seafaring
oceangoing, seagoing
oversea, overseas
suboceanic, subocean
laureled, laurelled
laureled, crowned
unlaureled, unlaurelled
large, big
ample, sizable
ample, sizeable
astronomic, astronomical
astronomic, galactic
bigger, larger
biggish, largish
blown-up, enlarged
bouffant, puffy
broad, spacious
broad, wide
colossal, prodigious
colossal, stupendous
enormous, tremendous
elephantine, gargantuan
elephantine, giant
elephantine, jumbo
epic, heroic
epic, larger-than-life
extensive, extended
gigantic, mammoth
huge, immense
huge, vast
huge, Brobdingnagian
hulking, hulky
humongous, banging
humongous, thumping
humongous, whopping
humongous, walloping
king-size, king-sized
life-size, lifesize
life-size, life-sized
life-size, full-size
macroscopic, macroscopical
massive, monolithic
massive, monumental
outsize, outsized
outsize, oversize
outsize, oversized
queen-size, queen-sized
small, little
bantam, diminutive
bantam, lilliputian
bantam, midget
bantam, petite
bantam, tiny
bantam, flyspeck
bitty, bittie
bitty, teensy
bitty, teentsy
bitty, teeny
bitty, wee
bitty, weeny
bitty, weensy
bitty, teensy-weensy
bitty, teeny-weeny
bitty, itty-bitty
bitty, itsy-bitsy
elfin, elflike
infinitesimal, minute
microscopic, microscopical
minuscule, miniscule
pocket-size, pocket-sized
pocket-size, pocketable
puny, runty
puny, shrimpy
slender, slim
smaller, littler
undersize, undersized
law-abiding, observant
lawless, outlaw
wide-open, lawless
antiknock, antiknocking
unleaded, leadless
lead-free, nonleaded
drafty, draughty
oozing, oozy
oozing, seeping
holey, porous
airtight, air-tight
airtight, gas-tight
rainproof, waterproof
rainproof, waterproofed
chinked, stopped-up
unleavened, unraised
downwind, lee
upwind, weather
jural, juristic
lawful, legitimate
lawful, licit
ratified, sanctioned
banned, prohibited
bootleg, black
bootleg, black-market
bootleg, contraband
bootleg, smuggled
criminal, felonious
dirty, ill-gotten
embezzled, misappropriated
extralegal, nonlegal
illegitimate, illicit
illegitimate, outlaw
illegitimate, outlawed
illegitimate, unlawful
misbranded, mislabeled
penal, punishable
clean, fair
clear, decipherable
clear, readable
dirty, foul
dirty, marked-up
indecipherable, unclear
indecipherable, undecipherable
indecipherable, unreadable
foster, surrogate
morganatic, left-handed
true, lawful
true, rightful
base, baseborn
bastardly, misbegot
bastardly, misbegotten
bastardly, spurious
unlawful, wrongful
leptorrhine, leptorhine
leptorrhine, leptorrhinian
leptorrhine, leptorrhinic
catarrhine, catarrhinian
platyrrhine, platyrrhinian
platyrrhine, platyrhine
platyrrhine, platyrhinian
platyrrhine, platyrrhinic
platyrrhine, broadnosed
like, similar
unlike, dissimilar
unlike, different
alike, similar
alike, like
unalike, dissimilar
like, same
apt, liable
farfetched, implausible
outside, remote
probable, likely
improbable, unlikely
minor, modest
minor, small
minor, small-scale
minor, pocket-size
minor, pocket-sized
unlimited, limitless
untrammeled, untrammelled
lineal, direct
matrilineal, matrilinear
patrilineal, patrilinear
collateral, indirect
linear, additive
over-the-counter, otc
denotative, explicit
figurative, nonliteral
metaphorical, metaphoric
metonymic, metonymical
synecdochic, synecdochical
analphabetic, unlettered
live, unrecorded
unfilmed, untaped
canned, transcribed
taped, tape-recorded
livable, liveable
habitable, inhabitable
unlivable, unliveable
undischarged, unexploded
localized, localised
pestilent, pestilential
pestilent, pestiferous
pestilent, plaguey
endemic, endemical
dianoetic, discursive
illogical, unlogical
intuitive, nonrational
intuitive, visceral
outspread, spread
elongate, elongated
elongated, extended
elongated, lengthened
elongated, prolonged
extendible, extendable
long-handled, pole-handled
long-wool, long-wooled
polysyllabic, sesquipedalian
abbreviated, brief
sawed-off, sawn-off
sawed-off, shortened
telescoped, shortened
truncate, truncated
chronic, continuing
drawn-out, extended
drawn-out, lengthy
drawn-out, prolonged
drawn-out, protracted
durable, lasting
durable, long-lasting
durable, long-lived
endless, eternal
endless, interminable
lifelong, womb-to-tomb
long-run, long-term
long-run, semipermanent
nightlong, all-night
nightlong, overnight
weeklong, seven-day
abbreviated, shortened
abbreviated, truncated
fleeting, fugitive
fleeting, momentaneous
fleeting, momentary
short-run, short-term
lengthwise, lengthways
linear, running
cross, transverse
cross, transversal
cross, thwartwise
cross-section, cross-sectional
baggy, loose-fitting
baggy, sloppy
clenched, clinched
close, snug
close, close-fitting
skintight, skin-tight
tight-fitting, tightfitting
tight-fitting, skinny
stenosed, stenotic
mislaid, misplaced
squandered, wasted
cursed, damned
cursed, doomed
cursed, unredeemed
cursed, unsaved
destroyed, ruined
rescued, reclaimed
ransomed, redeemed
confiscate, forfeit
confiscate, forfeited
blaring, blasting
deafening, earsplitting
deafening, thunderous
deafening, thundery
shouted, yelled
dull, muffled
dull, muted
dull, softened
hushed, muted
hushed, subdued
hushed, quiet
little, small
low, low-toned
murmuring, susurrant
murmuring, whispering
murmurous, rustling
murmurous, soughing
murmurous, susurrous
booming, stentorian
grumbling, rumbling
orotund, rotund
orotund, round
orotund, pear-shaped
heavy, sonorous
piano, soft
forte, loud
lovable, loveable
adorable, endearing
adorable, lovely
angelic, angelical
angelic, cherubic
angelic, seraphic
angelic, sweet
cuddlesome, cuddly
abominable, detestable
abominable, execrable
abominable, odious
likable, likeable
unlikable, unlikeable
adored, idolized
adored, idolised
adored, worshipped
beloved, darling
beloved, dear
blue-eyed, fair-haired
blue-eyed, white-haired
cherished, precious
cherished, treasured
cherished, wanted
favored, favorite
favored, favourite
favored, best-loved
favored, pet
favored, preferred
favored, preferent
alienated, estranged
bereft, lovelorn
bereft, unbeloved
despised, detested
despised, hated
despised, scorned
jilted, rejected
jilted, spurned
adoring, doting
adoring, fond
affectionate, fond
affectionate, lovesome
affectionate, tender
affectionate, warm
amative, amorous
amatory, amorous
amatory, romantic
captivated, charmed
enamored, infatuated
enamored, potty
enamored, smitten
loverlike, loverly
cold, frigid
detached, unaffectionate
detached, uncaring
little, minuscule
little, small
capital, great
capital, majuscule
unlucky, luckless
hexed, jinxed
magnetic, magnetized
magnetic, magnetised
geographic, geographical
minor, nonaged
minor, underage
leading, prima
leading, star
leading, starring
leading, stellar
insignificant, peanut
minuscule, minuscular
controllable, governable
steerable, dirigible
unmanageable, difficult
indocile, uncontrollable
indocile, ungovernable
indocile, unruly
manly, manful
manly, manlike
unmanly, unmanful
unmanly, unmanlike
effeminate, emasculate
effeminate, epicene
effeminate, cissy
effeminate, sissified
effeminate, sissyish
effeminate, sissy
antheral, staminate
phallic, priapic
egg-producing, young-bearing
bisexual, epicene
gynandromorphic, gynandromorphous
hermaphroditic, hermaphrodite
pseudohermaphroditic, pseudohermaphrodite
unmanned, remote-controlled
asterisked, starred
unasterisked, unstarred
joined, united
wed, wedded
unmarried, single
unwed, unwedded
butch, macho
male, manful
male, manlike
male, manly
male, virile
female, distaff
maidenlike, maidenly
womanly, feminine
hoydenish, tomboyish
coordinated, co-ordinated
coordinated, matching
duplicate, matching
duplicate, twin
duplicate, twinned
mated, paired
ill-sorted, incompatible
ill-sorted, mismated
ill-sorted, unsuited
odd, unmatched
odd, unmated
odd, unpaired
adult, big
adult, full-grown
adult, grown
adult, grownup
abloom, efflorescent
full-blown, matured
marriageable, nubile
prime, meridian
embryonic, embryologic
embryonic, embryonal
prepubescent, prepubertal
mellow, mellowed
adolescent, jejune
adolescent, juvenile
adolescent, puerile
childish, infantile
ripe, mature
aged, ripened
mellow, mellowed
green, unripe
green, unripened
green, immature
year-round, year-around
maximal, maximum
minimal, minimum
borderline, marginal
nominal, token
nominal, tokenish
stripped, stripped-down
meaty, substantive
meaning, pregnant
meaning, significant
meaningless, nonmeaningful
empty, hollow
empty, vacuous
nonsense, nonsensical
measurable, mensurable
immeasurable, unmeasurable
immeasurable, immensurable
immeasurable, unmeasured
illimitable, limitless
illimitable, measureless
automatic, automatonlike
automatic, machinelike
automatic, robotlike
automatic, robotic
mechanized, mechanised
unmechanized, unmechanised
melodious, melodic
melodious, musical
ariose, songlike
canorous, songful
cantabile, singing
dulcet, honeyed
dulcet, mellifluous
dulcet, mellisonant
dulcet, sweet
unmelodious, unmelodic
unmelodious, unmusical
tuneful, melodious
tuneless, untuneful
tuneless, unmelodious
three-membered, 3-membered
four-membered, 4-membered
five-membered, 5-membered
six-membered, 6-membered
seven-membered, 7-membered
eight-membered, 8-membered
nine-membered, 9-membered
ten-membered, 10-membered
unmusical, nonmusical
unmusical, nonmusical
melted, liquid
melted, liquified
molten, liquefied
molten, liquified
merciless, unmerciful
cutthroat, fierce
cutthroat, bowelless
pitiless, remorseless
pitiless, ruthless
pitiless, unpitying
metabolic, metabolous
ametabolic, ametabolous
gentle, soft
moderate, temperate
bad, big
brutal, unrelenting
consuming, overwhelming
exquisite, keen
extreme, utmost
extreme, uttermost
fierce, tearing
fierce, vehement
fierce, violent
fierce, trigger-happy
severe, terrible
severe, wicked
thick, deep
violent, wild
active, participating
concerned, interested
embroiled, entangled
implicated, concerned
soldierly, soldierlike
soldierly, warriorlike
soldierly, martial
warlike, martial
unmilitary, nonmilitary
alleviated, eased
alleviated, relieved
quenched, satisfied
quenched, slaked
arrant, complete
arrant, consummate
arrant, double-dyed
arrant, everlasting
arrant, gross
arrant, perfect
arrant, pure
arrant, sodding
arrant, stark
arrant, staring
arrant, thoroughgoing
arrant, utter
arrant, unadulterated
bally, blinking
bally, bloody
bally, blooming
bally, crashing
bally, flaming
bally, fucking
undiminished, unrelieved
tempered, treated
tempered, hardened
tempered, toughened
untempered, unhardened
brittle, unannealed
ambulant, ambulatory
maneuverable, manoeuvrable
mechanized, mechanised
mechanized, motorized
movable, moveable
movable, transferable
movable, transferrable
movable, transportable
raisable, raiseable
immovable, immoveable
immovable, stabile
immovable, unmovable
nonmotile, immotile
takeout, take-away
extractable, extractible
metallic, metal
auriferous, gold-bearing
bimetal, bimetallic
gold, golden
gold, gilded
metallike, metal-looking
metallike, metallic-looking
nonmetallic, nonmetal
hemimetabolous, hemimetabolic
hemimetabolous, hemimetamorphous
hemimetabolous, hemimetamorphic
heterometabolous, heterometabolic
holometabolic, holometabolous
average, intermediate
average, medium
cautious, conservative
fair, fairish
fair, reasonable
modest, small
exaggerated, overdone
exaggerated, overstated
excessive, inordinate
excessive, undue
excessive, unreasonable
exorbitant, extortionate
exorbitant, outrageous
exorbitant, steep
exorbitant, unconscionable
exorbitant, usurious
extraordinary, over-the-top
extraordinary, sinful
extremist, radical
extremist, ultra
contemporary, modern-day
red-brick, redbrick
medieval, mediaeval
medieval, gothic
coy, demure
coy, overmodest
retiring, unassuming
overweening, uppity
adapted, altered
restricted, qualified
flat, monotone
flat, monotonic
flat, monotonous
monoecious, monecious
monoecious, monoicous
heteroicous, polyoicous
heteroicous, polygamous
synoicous, synoecious
dioecious, dioecian
monodic, monodical
polyphonic, contrapuntal
monogynous, monogynic
monovalent, univalent
polyvalent, multivalent
bivalent, double
monotonic, monotone
clean, clean-living
debauched, degenerate
debauched, degraded
debauched, dissipated
debauched, dissolute
debauched, libertine
debauched, profligate
debauched, riotous
debauched, fast
disgraceful, scandalous
disgraceful, shameful
disgraceful, shocking
adulterous, extramarital
adulterous, extracurricular
numerous, legion
umpteen, umteen
little, slight
amaranthine, unfading
deathless, undying
driven, impelled
causeless, reasonless
motiveless, unprovoked
motiveless, wanton
motorized, motorised
motorized, motored
unmotorized, unmotorised
unmotorized, motorless
moved, affected
moved, stirred
moved, touched
unmoved, unaffected
unmoved, untouched
affecting, poignant
affecting, touching
stirring, soul-stirring
ahorse, ahorseback
automotive, self-propelled
automotive, self-propelling
fast-flying, flying
aflare, flaring
wiggly, wriggling
wiggly, wriggly
wiggly, writhing
nonmoving, unmoving
inactive, motionless
inactive, static
inactive, still
fixed, set
fixed, rigid
frozen, rooted
frozen, stock-still
mown, cut
unmown, uncut
seamanlike, seamanly
lubberly, landlubberly
worldwide, world-wide
nationalist, nationalistic
global, planetary
global, world
global, worldwide
global, world-wide
internationalist, internationalistic
multinational, transnational
unbleached, uncolored
unbleached, undyed
artificial, unreal
arranged, staged
bleached, colored
bleached, coloured
bleached, dyed
cardboard, unlifelike
celluloid, synthetic
conventionalized, conventionalised
conventionalized, stylized
conventionalized, stylised
ersatz, substitute
fake, false
fake, faux
fake, imitation
fake, simulated
man-made, semisynthetic
man-made, synthetic
apparitional, ghostlike
apparitional, ghostly
apparitional, phantasmal
apparitional, spectral
apparitional, spiritual
eldritch, weird
eldritch, uncanny
eldritch, unearthly
elfin, fey
charming, magic
charming, magical
charming, sorcerous
charming, witching
charming, wizard
charming, wizardly
marvelous, marvellous
marvelous, miraculous
nonnatural, otherworldly
nonnatural, preternatural
nonnatural, transcendental
final, last
final, net
essential, indispensable
needed, needful
needed, required
needed, requisite
unnecessary, unneeded
excess, extra
excess, redundant
excess, spare
excess, supererogatory
excess, superfluous
excess, supernumerary
excess, surplus
gratuitous, needless
gratuitous, uncalled-for
net, nett
neurotic, psychoneurotic
abulic, aboulic
disturbed, maladjusted
hypochondriac, hypochondriacal
hysteric, hysterical
megalomaniacal, megalomanic
nymphomaniacal, nymphomaniac
obsessional, obsessive
nasty, awful
dirty, filthy
dirty, lousy
hateful, mean
dignifying, ennobling
exalted, elevated
exalted, sublime
exalted, grand
exalted, high-flown
exalted, high-minded
exalted, lofty
exalted, rarefied
exalted, rarified
exalted, idealistic
exalted, noble-minded
greathearted, magnanimous
base, mean
base, meanspirited
aristocratic, aristocratical
aristocratic, blue
aristocratic, blue-blooded
aristocratic, gentle
aristocratic, patrician
august, grand
august, lordly
coroneted, highborn
coroneted, titled
imperial, majestic
imperial, purple
imperial, regal
imperial, royal
kingly, kinglike
monarchal, monarchical
queenly, queenlike
base, baseborn
base, humble
base, lowly
common, plebeian
common, vulgar
common, unwashed
ignoble, ungentle
ignoble, untitled
average, mean
median, average
modal, average
abnormal, unnatural
aberrant, deviant
aberrant, deviate
atypical, irregular
brachydactylic, brachydactylous
kinky, perverted
psychic, psychical
supernormal, supranormal
northbound, northward
northerly, northern
northerly, northern
northernmost, northmost
northeastern, northeasterly
northeastern, northeast
northeasterly, northeast
northwestern, northwesterly
northwestern, northwest
northwesterly, northwest
southbound, southward
southerly, southern
southerly, southern
southernmost, southmost
southeast, southeastern
southeast, southeasterly
southeasterly, southeast
southwest, southwestern
southwest, southwesterly
southwesterly, southwest
boreal, circumboreal
Union, Federal
grey, gray
pug-nosed, pug-nose
pug-nosed, short-nosed
pug-nosed, snub-nosed
disregarded, forgotten
ignored, neglected
ignored, unheeded
overlooked, unmarked
overlooked, unnoted
unperceived, unremarked
sensed, perceived
unobserved, unseen
ascertained, discovered
ascertained, observed
baneful, deadly
baneful, pernicious
baneful, pestilent
corrupting, degrading
vesicatory, vesicant
acquiescent, biddable
dutiful, duteous
contrary, obstinate
contrary, perverse
contrary, wayward
fractious, refractory
fractious, recalcitrant
froward, headstrong
froward, self-willed
froward, willful
froward, wilful
obtrusive, noticeable
unobtrusive, unnoticeable
objective, nonsubjective
impersonal, neutral
unobjective, unverifiable
duty-bound, obliged
apparent, evident
apparent, manifest
apparent, patent
apparent, plain
apparent, unmistakable
axiomatic, self-evident
demonstrable, provable
barricaded, barred
barricaded, blockaded
blocked, plugged
choked, clogged
deadlocked, stalemated
stopped, stopped-up
clear, open
busy, engaged
spare, free
abhorrent, detestable
abhorrent, obscene
abhorrent, repugnant
abhorrent, repulsive
charnel, ghastly
charnel, sepulchral
disgusting, disgustful
disgusting, distasteful
disgusting, foul
disgusting, loathly
disgusting, loathsome
disgusting, repellent
disgusting, repellant
disgusting, repelling
disgusting, revolting
disgusting, skanky
disgusting, wicked
disgusting, yucky
ghoulish, morbid
hideous, horrid
hideous, horrific
hideous, outrageous
objectionable, obnoxious
innocuous, unobjectionable
savory, savoury
unsavory, unsavoury
unsavory, offensive
abusive, opprobrious
abusive, scurrilous
inoffensive, unoffending
offenseless, offenceless
assaultive, attacking
hit-and-run, tip-and-run
incursive, invading
incursive, invasive
marauding, predatory
marauding, raiding
offensive, violative
apologetic, excusatory
defensive, justificative
defensive, justificatory
authoritative, authorized
authoritative, authorised
formalized, formalised
drumhead, summary
informal, loose
unauthorized, unauthorised
unauthorized, wildcat
established, constituted
deep-rooted, deep-seated
deep-rooted, implanted
deep-rooted, ingrained
deep-rooted, planted
grooved, well-grooved
recognized, recognised
self-constituted, self-established
unrecognized, unrecognised
conditioned, learned
unconditioned, innate
unconditioned, unlearned
on-the-spot, on-the-scene
age-old, antique
antediluvian, antiquated
antediluvian, archaic
hand-me-down, hand-down
hoary, rusty
secondhand, used
yellow, yellowed
brand-new, bran-new
brand-new, spic-and-span
brand-new, spick-and-span
hot, red-hot
newborn, new-sprung
novel, refreshing
parvenu, parvenue
revolutionary, radical
untested, untried
aged, elderly
aged, older
aged, senior
aging, ageing
aging, senescent
doddering, doddery
doddering, gaga
doddering, senile
grey, gray
grey, grey-haired
grey, gray-haired
grey, grey-headed
grey, gray-headed
grey, grizzly
grey, hoar
grey, hoary
grey, white-haired
overage, overaged
overage, superannuated
overage, over-the-hill
young, immature
adolescent, teen
adolescent, teenage
adolescent, teenaged
boyish, boylike
boyish, schoolboyish
childlike, childly
girlish, schoolgirlish
little, small
preteen, preadolescent
puppyish, puppylike
youthful, vernal
youthful, young
on-line, online
machine-accessible, connected
on-line, online
off, cancelled
offside, offsides
open, unfastened
shut, unopen
shut, closed
open, opened
agape, gaping
agaze, staring
wide-eyed, wide
closed, shut
blinking, winking
compressed, tight
squinched, squinting
boxed, boxed-in
capsulate, capsulated
surrounded, encircled
hypaethral, hypethral
abroach, broached
active, combat-ready
active, fighting
nonoperational, inactive
good, right
good, ripe
timely, seasonable
timely, well-timed
ill-timed, unseasonable
ill-timed, untimely
ill-timed, wrong
opposable, apposable
opposite, paired
cheerful, pollyannaish
cheerful, upbeat
rose-colored, rosy
demoralized, demoralised
demoralized, discouraged
demoralized, disheartened
boisterous, rambunctious
boisterous, robustious
boisterous, rumbustious
boisterous, unruly
mobbish, moblike
raucous, rowdy
rough-and-tumble, bare-knuckle
rough-and-tumble, bare-knuckled
consecutive, sequent
consecutive, sequential
consecutive, serial
consecutive, successive
disordered, unordered
disorganized, disorganised
broken, confused
broken, disordered
broken, upset
chaotic, helter-skelter
fucked-up, snafu
unstuck, undone
corporate, incorporated
reorganized, reorganised
unorganized, unorganised
average, fair
average, mediocre
average, middling
characterless, nondescript
cut-and-dried, cut-and-dry
everyday, mundane
everyday, quotidian
everyday, routine
everyday, unremarkable
everyday, workaday
indifferent, so-so
run-of-the-mill, run-of-the-mine
run-of-the-mill, unexceptional
exceeding, exceptional
exceeding, olympian
exceeding, prodigious
exceeding, surpassing
fantastic, grand
fantastic, howling
fantastic, marvelous
fantastic, marvellous
fantastic, rattling
fantastic, terrific
fantastic, tremendous
fantastic, wonderful
fantastic, wondrous
frightful, terrible
frightful, awful
frightful, tremendous
preternatural, uncanny
rare, uncommon
remarkable, singular
integrated, structured
amorphous, unstructured
atomistic, atomistical
arranged, ordered
laid, set
oriented, orientated
adjusted, familiarized
adjusted, familiarised
bound, destined
homeward, homeward-bound
alienated, anomic
alienated, disoriented
confused, disoriented
confused, lost
orienting, orientating
aligning, positioning
familiarizing, familiarising
avant-garde, daring
freehand, freehanded
fresh, new
fresh, novel
germinal, originative
germinal, seminal
innovative, innovational
innovative, groundbreaking
newfangled, new
banal, commonplace
banal, hackneyed
banal, old-hat
banal, shopworn
banal, stock
banal, threadbare
banal, timeworn
banal, tired
banal, trite
banal, well-worn
bromidic, corny
bromidic, platitudinal
bromidic, platitudinous
cliched, ready-made
cold, stale
cold, dusty
cold, moth-eaten
canonic, canonical
canonic, sanctioned
conforming, conformist
conventional, established
dissentient, recusant
dissident, heretical
dissident, heterodox
nonconforming, nonconformist
outdoor, out-of-door
outdoor, outside
alfresco, open-air
ariled, arillate
cloaked, clothed
cloaked, draped
cloaked, mantled
cloaked, wrapped
crusted, encrusted
crusted, crusty
crusted, crustlike
dabbled, spattered
dabbled, splashed
dabbled, splattered
dusty, dust-covered
moss-grown, mossy
plastered, sealed
snow-clad, snow-covered
snow-clad, snowy
white, snowy
bald, denuded
bald, denudate
curly-leaved, curly-leafed
fan-leaved, fan-leafed
fine-leaved, fine-leafed
foliaceous, foliose
foliaceous, foliaged
grassy-leaved, grassy-leafed
ivied, ivy-covered
large-leaved, large-leafed
leafed, leaved
leaflike, leaf-like
leather-leaved, leather-leafed
petallike, petal-like
pinnate-leaved, pinnate-leafed
prickly-leaved, prickly-leafed
silky-leaved, silky-leafed
silver-leaved, silvery-leaved
silver-leaved, silver-leafed
silver-leaved, silvery-leafed
spiny-leaved, spiny-leafed
two-leaved, two-leafed
defoliate, defoliated
bilabiate, two-lipped
labiate, liplike
lipless, unlipped
overt, open
bald, barefaced
naked, raw
backstair, backstairs
backstair, furtive
clandestine, cloak-and-dagger
clandestine, hole-and-corner
clandestine, hugger-mugger
clandestine, hush-hush
clandestine, secret
clandestine, surreptitious
clandestine, undercover
clandestine, underground
collusive, conniving
cloaked, disguised
cloaked, masked
sub-rosa, under-the-table
sub-rosa, behind-the-scenes
subterranean, subterraneous
subterranean, ulterior
undisclosed, unrevealed
compensable, paying
compensable, remunerative
compensable, salaried
compensable, stipendiary
compensated, remunerated
compensated, salaried
compensated, stipendiary
mercenary, free-lance
mercenary, freelance
postpaid, prepaid
complimentary, costless
complimentary, free
complimentary, gratis
complimentary, gratuitous
outstanding, owing
outstanding, undischarged
uncompensated, unsalaried
aching, achy
agonized, agonised
agonizing, agonising
agonizing, excruciating
agonizing, harrowing
agonizing, torturing
agonizing, torturous
agonizing, torturesome
biting, bitter
chafed, galled
racking, wrenching
sensitive, sore
sensitive, raw
sensitive, tender
pain-free, unpainful
stained, varnished
bare, unfinished
unstained, unvarnished
delineated, represented
delineated, delineate
depicted, pictured
depicted, portrayed
diagrammatic, diagrammatical
undepicted, unpictured
palatable, toothsome
distasteful, unsavory
distasteful, unsavoury
palpable, tangible
elusive, subtle
nonconvergent, nonintersecting
catacorner, cata-cornered
catacorner, catercorner
catacorner, cater-cornered
catacorner, catty-corner
catacorner, catty-cornered
catacorner, kitty-corner
catacorner, kitty-cornered
crabwise, sideways
orthogonal, rectangular
excusable, forgivable
excusable, venial
minor, venial
deadly, mortal
inexcusable, unforgivable
indefensible, insupportable
indefensible, unjustifiable
indefensible, unwarrantable
indefensible, unwarranted
parental, maternal
parental, paternal
biased, colored
biased, coloured
biased, one-sided
biased, slanted
dispassionate, cold-eyed
indifferent, unbiased
indifferent, unbiassed
surmountable, climbable
traversable, travelable
impassable, unpassable
unsurmountable, unclimbable
ablaze, aflame
ablaze, aroused
ardent, fervent
ardent, fervid
ardent, fiery
ardent, impassioned
ardent, perfervid
ardent, torrid
fanatic, fanatical
fanatic, overzealous
fanatic, rabid
lustful, lusty
lustful, concupiscent
ago, agone
bygone, bypast
bygone, departed
bygone, foregone
bygone, gone
chivalric, knightly
chivalric, medieval
early, former
early, other
erstwhile, former
erstwhile, old
erstwhile, onetime
erstwhile, one-time
erstwhile, quondam
erstwhile, sometime
former, late
former, previous
historic, historical
late, recent
prehistoric, prehistorical
ultimo, ult
instant, inst
approaching, coming
approaching, forthcoming
approaching, upcoming
emerging, rising
proximo, prox
unparented, parentless
fatherly, fatherlike
wifely, wifelike
wifely, uxorial
diligent, persevering
enduring, long-suffering
forbearing, longanimous
patronized, patronised
unpatronized, unpatronised
unpatronized, patronless
prepackaged, prepacked
patriotic, loyal
chauvinistic, flag-waving
chauvinistic, jingoistic
chauvinistic, nationalistic
chauvinistic, ultranationalistic
chauvinistic, superpatriotic
unpatriotic, disloyal
peaceful, peaceable
pacific, peaceable
pacifist, pacifistic
pacifist, dovish
peaceable, peace-loving
belligerent, militant
belligerent, war-ridden
belligerent, warring
militant, hawkish
militant, warlike
stormy, tempestuous
penitent, repentant
contrite, remorseful
contrite, rueful
contrite, ruthful
penitential, penitentiary
impenitent, unrepentant
impenitent, unremorseful
acute, discriminating
acute, incisive
acute, keen
acute, knifelike
acute, penetrating
acute, penetrative
acute, piercing
acute, sharp
apprehensive, discerning
observant, observing
quick-sighted, sharp-sighted
quick-sighted, sharp-eyed
unperceptive, unperceiving
unobservant, unseeing
detectable, noticeable
faint, weak
imperceptible, unperceivable
incognizable, incognoscible
indiscernible, insensible
indiscernible, undetectable
complete, consummate
down, mastered
faultless, immaculate
faultless, impeccable
flawless, unflawed
idealized, idealised
uncorrupted, undefiled
blemished, flawed
corrupt, corrupted
defective, faulty
decayable, putrescible
decayable, putrefiable
decayable, spoilable
durable, indestructible
durable, perdurable
durable, undestroyable
permanent, lasting
abiding, enduring
abiding, imperishable
ageless, aeonian
ageless, eonian
ageless, eternal
ageless, everlasting
ageless, perpetual
ageless, unending
ageless, unceasing
impermanent, temporary
ephemeral, passing
ephemeral, short-lived
ephemeral, transient
ephemeral, transitory
ephemeral, fugacious
improvised, jury-rigged
improvised, makeshift
persistent, lasting
caducous, shed
reversible, two-sided
nonreversible, one-sided
revocable, revokable
rescindable, voidable
irrevocable, irrevokable
permissible, allowable
forbidden, out
forbidden, prohibited
forbidden, proscribed
forbidden, taboo
forbidden, tabu
forbidden, verboten
admittable, admittible
indulgent, lenient
indulgent, soft
preventive, preventative
clogging, hindering
clogging, impeding
clogging, obstructive
frustrating, frustrative
frustrating, thwarting
precautionary, precautional
preclusive, obviating
preemptive, pre-emptive
prohibitive, prohibitory
baffled, befuddled
baffled, bemused
baffled, bewildered
baffled, confounded
baffled, confused
baffled, lost
baffled, mazed
baffled, mixed-up
metagrobolized, metagrobolised
metagrobolized, metagrabolized
metagrobolized, metagrabolised
metagrobolized, mystified
questioning, quizzical
unbaffled, unconfused
individual, private
individualized, individualised
individualized, personalized
individualized, personalised
own, ain
coaxing, ingratiatory
cogent, telling
cogent, weighty
glib, glib-tongued
glib, smooth-tongued
admonitory, cautionary
admonitory, exemplary
admonitory, monitory
admonitory, warning
dense, thick
water-repellent, water-resistant
impervious, imperviable
mothproof, moth-resistant
runproof, ladder-proof
runproof, run-resistant
petalous, petaled
petalous, petalled
four-petaled, four-petalled
five-petaled, five-petalled
gamopetalous, sympetalous
three-petaled, three-petalled
apetalous, petalless
psychoactive, psychotropic
mind-bending, mind-blowing
animal, carnal
animal, fleshly
animal, sensual
bodily, corporal
bodily, corporeal
bodily, somatic
physiologic, physiological
somatogenic, somatogenetic
intellectual, rational
intellectual, noetic
psychic, psychical
godly, reverent
godly, worshipful
holier-than-thou, pietistic
holier-than-thou, pietistical
holier-than-thou, pharisaic
holier-than-thou, pharisaical
holier-than-thou, sanctimonious
holier-than-thou, self-righteous
godless, irreverent
devout, god-fearing
atheistic, atheistical
atheistic, unbelieving
heathen, heathenish
heathen, pagan
heathen, ethnic
lapsed, nonchurchgoing
appeasable, conciliable
grim, inexorable
grim, relentless
grim, stern
grim, unappeasable
grim, unforgiving
grim, unrelenting
plain, unpatterned
solid-colored, solid-coloured
blotched, blotchy
blotched, splotched
brindled, brindle
brindled, brinded
brindled, tabby
brown-speckled, brownish-speckled
brown-striped, brownish-striped
checked, checkered
checked, chequered
dappled, mottled
dotted, flecked
dotted, specked
dotted, speckled
dotted, stippled
floral, flowered
freckled, lentiginous
freckled, lentiginose
marbled, marbleized
marbled, marbleised
moire, watered
patched, spotty
patched, spotted
pointillist, pointillistic
red-striped, reddish-striped
red-striped, red-streaked
streaked, streaky
striped, stripy
veined, venose
veined, veinlike
austere, severe
austere, stark
austere, stern
bare, mere
bare, simple
inelaborate, unelaborate
tailored, trim
aureate, florid
aureate, flamboyant
baroque, churrigueresque
baroque, churrigueresco
busy, fussy
elaborate, luxuriant
embattled, battlemented
embattled, castled
embattled, castellated
lacy, lacelike
puff, puffed
vermicular, vermiculate
vermicular, vermiculated
preset, predetermined
casual, chance
unstudied, uncontrived
glib, pat
glib, slick
improbable, unbelievable
improbable, unconvincing
improbable, unlikely
enjoyable, gratifying
enjoyable, pleasurable
acerb, acerbic
acerb, acid
acerb, acrid
acerb, bitter
acerb, blistering
acerb, caustic
acerb, sulfurous
acerb, sulphurous
acerb, virulent
acerb, vitriolic
beastly, hellish
beastly, god-awful
dour, forbidding
dour, grim
embarrassing, mortifying
harsh, rough
afflictive, painful
afflictive, sore
rebarbative, repellent
rebarbative, repellant
sharp, sharp-worded
sharp, tart
amused, diverted
amused, entertained
annoyed, irritated
annoyed, miffed
annoyed, nettled
annoyed, peeved
annoyed, pissed
annoyed, riled
annoyed, roiled
annoyed, steamed
annoyed, stung
disgusted, sick
offended, pained
delightful, delicious
fabulous, fab
gratifying, sweet
disconcerting, upsetting
exasperating, infuriating
exasperating, maddening
exasperating, vexing
acanthoid, acanthous
acanthoid, spinous
acuate, acute
acuate, sharp
acuate, needlelike
barreled, barrelled
fusiform, spindle-shaped
fusiform, cigar-shaped
pyramidal, pyramidic
pyramidal, pyramidical
pointless, unpointed
bright, burnished
bright, lustrous
bright, shining
bright, shiny
inexpedient, unwise
apolitical, unpolitical
favorite, favourite
touristed, touristy
affirmative, optimistic
antagonistic, counter
neutralized, neutralised
positive, confirming
negative, disconfirming
accomplishable, achievable
accomplishable, doable
accomplishable, manageable
accomplishable, realizable
affirmable, assertable
attainable, come-at-able
feasible, executable
feasible, practicable
feasible, viable
feasible, workable
impracticable, infeasible
impracticable, unfeasible
impracticable, unworkable
unachievable, unattainable
unachievable, undoable
unachievable, unrealizable
potent, strong
potent, stiff
ineffective, ineffectual
ineffective, unable
potent, virile
almighty, all-powerful
almighty, omnipotent
potent, strong
regnant, reigning
regnant, ruling
feeble, nerveless
helpless, incapacitated
high-voltage, high-potential
low-tension, low-voltage
authoritative, important
potent, powerful
naturalized, naturalised
potbound, rootbound
seeded, sown
self-seeded, self-sown
self-seeded, self-sowed
unseeded, unsown
plowed, ploughed
unplowed, unploughed
unplowed, unbroken
uncultivable, uncultivatable
applicative, applicatory
matter-of-fact, pragmatic
matter-of-fact, pragmatical
operable, practicable
crazy, half-baked
crazy, screwball
crazy, softheaded
meshugge, meshugga
meshugge, meshuga
meshugge, meshuggeneh
meshugge, meshuggener
quixotic, romantic
quixotic, wild-eyed
finespun, hairsplitting
meticulous, punctilious
nice, skillful
backward, half-witted
backward, slow-witted
backward, feebleminded
imbecile, imbecilic
imbecile, idiotic
dim-witted, simple
dim-witted, simple-minded
capricious, freakish
episodic, occasional
aforethought, planned
aforethought, plotted
ad-lib, extemporaneous
ad-lib, extemporary
ad-lib, extempore
ad-lib, impromptu
ad-lib, offhand
ad-lib, offhanded
ad-lib, off-the-cuff
ad-lib, unrehearsed
nonprescription, over-the-counter
omnipresent, ubiquitous
truant, awol
ostentatious, pretentious
flamboyant, showy
flamboyant, splashy
unostentatious, unpretentious
unostentatious, unpretending
quiet, restrained
artsy-craftsy, arty-crafty
grandiloquent, overblown
grandiloquent, pompous
grandiloquent, pontifical
grandiloquent, portentous
grandiose, hifalutin
grandiose, highfalutin
grandiose, highfaluting
grandiose, hoity-toity
grandiose, la-di-da
high-flown, high-sounding
high-flown, inflated
nouveau-riche, parvenu
nouveau-riche, parvenue
nouveau-riche, upstart
particular, special
alternate, alternative
alternate, substitute
auxiliary, subsidiary
auxiliary, supplemental
auxiliary, supplementary
utility, substitute
basal, base
elementary, elemental
elementary, primary
fundamental, rudimentary
fundamental, underlying
incidental, incident
parenthetic, parenthetical
clannish, cliquish
clannish, clubby
clannish, snobbish
clannish, snobby
cloistered, reclusive
cloistered, secluded
cloistered, sequestered
confidential, secret
offstage, backstage
privy, secluded
privy, secret
tete-a-tete, head-to-head
unexclusive, unrestricted
alone, only
inside, inner
inside, privileged
deprived, disadvantaged
amentiferous, amentaceous
arable, cultivable
arable, cultivatable
arable, tillable
fecund, fertile
fecund, prolific
bootless, fruitless
bootless, futile
bootless, sleeveless
bootless, vain
generative, productive
exploitative, exploitatory
exploitative, exploitive
reproducible, consistent
duplicable, duplicatable
unreproducible, irreproducible
nonrecreational, paid
amateur, recreational
amateur, unpaid
amateurish, amateur
amateurish, inexpert
amateurish, unskilled
fat, juicy
gainful, paid
gainful, paying
lucrative, moneymaking
lucrative, remunerative
dead, idle
apparent, ostensible
apparent, seeming
dilettante, dilettantish
dilettante, dilettanteish
dilettante, sciolistic
looking, sounding
prognathous, prognathic
prognathous, hypognathous
advanced, forward-looking
advanced, innovative
advanced, modern
advancing, forward
advancing, forward-moving
modernized, modernised
atavistic, throwback
retrograde, retrogressive
returning, reverting
unmodernized, unmodernised
rolled, rolling
rolled, trilled
becoming, comely
becoming, decent
becoming, decorous
becoming, seemly
correct, right
correct, right
priggish, prim
priggish, prissy
priggish, prudish
priggish, puritanical
priggish, square-toed
priggish, straitlaced
priggish, strait-laced
priggish, straightlaced
priggish, straight-laced
priggish, tight-laced
priggish, victorian
indecent, indecorous
indecent, unbecoming
indecent, uncomely
indecent, unseemly
indecent, untoward
wrong, incorrect
prophetic, prophetical
adumbrative, foreshadowing
adumbrative, prefigurative
apocalyptic, apocalyptical
apocalyptic, revelatory
clairvoyant, precognitive
clairvoyant, second-sighted
Delphic, oracular
divinatory, mantic
divinatory, sibylline
divinatory, sibyllic
divinatory, vatic
divinatory, vatical
fateful, foreboding
fateful, portentous
precursory, premonitory
predictive, prognostic
predictive, prognosticative
likely, potential
bastioned, fortified
exposed, open
naked, defenseless
cautionary, prophylactic
contraceptive, prophylactic
contraceptive, antifertility
custodial, tutelary
custodial, tutelar
arrogant, chesty
arrogant, self-important
big, swelled
big, vainglorious
bigheaded, persnickety
bigheaded, snooty
bigheaded, snot-nosed
bigheaded, snotty
bigheaded, stuck-up
bigheaded, uppish
boastful, braggart
boastful, bragging
boastful, braggy
boastful, big
boastful, cock-a-hoop
boastful, crowing
boastful, self-aggrandizing
boastful, self-aggrandising
dignified, self-respecting
dignified, self-respectful
disdainful, haughty
disdainful, imperious
disdainful, lordly
disdainful, overbearing
disdainful, prideful
disdainful, sniffy
disdainful, supercilious
disdainful, swaggering
conceited, egotistic
conceited, egotistical
conceited, self-conceited
conceited, swollen
conceited, swollen-headed
conceited, vain
broken, crushed
broken, humbled
broken, humiliated
broken, low
meek, mild
meek, modest
proved, proven
tested, tried
tested, well-tried
unproved, unproven
careful, thrifty
farseeing, farsighted
farseeing, foresighted
farseeing, foresightful
farseeing, prospicient
farseeing, long
farseeing, longsighted
short, shortsighted
short, unforesightful
short, myopic
agitative, agitating
agitative, provoking
challenging, intriguing
incendiary, incitive
incendiary, inflammatory
incendiary, instigative
incendiary, rabble-rousing
incendiary, seditious
unprovocative, unprovoking
circumspect, discreet
judicious, wise
judicious, heady
ill-considered, ill-judged
ill-considered, improvident
ill-considered, shortsighted
belated, late
belated, tardy
benighted, nighted
uncorrected, undisciplined
punitive, punitory
retaliatory, relatiative
retaliatory, retributive
retaliatory, retributory
retaliatory, vindicatory
full-blooded, full-blood
full-blooded, blooded
pedigree, pedigreed
pedigree, pureblood
pedigree, pureblooded
pedigree, thoroughbred
hybrid, intercrossed
half-blooded, half-bred
half-blooded, half-breed
immaculate, undefiled
defiled, maculate
clean, fresh
clean, clear
clean, light
clean, unclouded
plain, sheer
plain, unmingled
plain, unmixed
uncontaminated, unpolluted
adulterate, adulterated
adulterate, debased
bastardized, bastardised
contaminated, polluted
dirty, dingy
dirty, muddied
dirty, muddy
businesslike, earnest
goal-directed, purposive
purpose-built, purpose-made
adrift, afloat
adrift, aimless
adrift, directionless
adrift, planless
adrift, rudderless
adrift, undirected
housebroken, house-trained
potty-trained, pot-trained
potty-trained, toilet-trained
primitive, naive
hedged, weasel-worded
limited, modified
categoric, categorical
categoric, flat
categoric, unconditional
clean, clear
outright, straight-out
outright, unlimited
decimal, denary
numeric, numerical
alleged, so-called
alleged, supposed
debatable, problematic
debatable, problematical
doubtful, dubious
doubtful, dubitable
fishy, funny
fishy, shady
fishy, suspect
fishy, suspicious
self-styled, soi-disant
silent, soundless
silent, still
blatant, clamant
blatant, clamorous
blatant, strident
blatant, vociferous
abuzz, buzzing
clangorous, clanging
creaky, screaky
rackety, rip-roaring
rackety, uproarious
reedy, wheezy
restful, reposeful
restful, relaxing
slumberous, slumbrous
restless, uneasy
disruptive, riotous
disruptive, troubled
disruptive, tumultuous
disruptive, turbulent
squally, squalling
haphazard, hit-or-miss
coherent, logical
coherent, lucid
demythologized, demythologised
intelligent, reasoning
intelligent, thinking
reasonable, sane
blind, unreasoning
cerebral, intellectual
activated, excited
inert, indifferent
inert, neutral
fit, primed
fit, set
napping, off-guard
real, existent
actual, factual
objective, documentary
envisioned, pictured
envisioned, visualized
envisioned, visualised
eye-deceiving, trompe-l'oeil
fabled, legendary
fabricated, fancied
fabricated, fictional
fabricated, fictitious
fabulous, mythic
fabulous, mythical
fabulous, mythologic
fabulous, mythological
fanciful, imaginary
fanciful, notional
fantastic, fantastical
illusional, illusionary
illusive, illusory
make-believe, pretend
deceptive, delusory
dreamlike, surreal
down-to-earth, earthy
hardheaded, hard-nosed
hardheaded, practical
hardheaded, pragmatic
graphic, lifelike
graphic, pictorial
graphic, vivid
veridical, real
virtual, practical
delusive, false
fantastic, wild
phantasmagoric, phantasmagorical
phantasmagoric, surreal
phantasmagoric, surrealistic
reasonable, sensible
commonsense, commonsensible
commonsense, commonsensical
healthy, intelligent
healthy, levelheaded
healthy, level-headed
healthy, sound
tenable, well-founded
indefensible, untenable
mindless, reasonless
mindless, senseless
undue, unjustified
undue, unwarranted
reciprocal, mutual
interactional, interactive
reciprocative, reciprocatory
reciprocative, reciprocatory
unanswered, unreciprocated
unanswered, unrequited
civilized, civilised
civilized, cultivated
civilized, cultured
civilized, genteel
civilized, polite
dainty, mincing
dainty, niminy-piminy
dainty, prim
dainty, twee
debonair, debonaire
debonair, debonnaire
debonair, suave
finespun, delicate
gentlemanlike, gentlemanly
overrefined, superfine
well-bred, well-mannered
artless, uncultivated
artless, uncultured
boorish, loutish
boorish, neanderthal
boorish, neandertal
boorish, oafish
boorish, swinish
coarse, common
coarse, rough-cut
coarse, uncouth
coarse, vulgar
ill-bred, bounderish
ill-bred, lowbred
ill-bred, rude
ill-bred, underbred
ill-bred, yokelish
ungentlemanly, ungentlemanlike
cured, vulcanized
cured, vulcanised
milled, polished
natural, raw
natural, rude
unvulcanized, unvulcanised
refined, processed
unrefined, unprocessed
unrefined, crude
burned, burnt
bandaged, bound
unrecoverable, irrecoverable
irretrievable, unretrievable
born-again, converted
born-again, reborn
unregenerate, unregenerated
cussed, obdurate
cussed, obstinate
cussed, unrepentant
unconverted, unpersuaded
certified, qualified
lawful, rule-governed
official, prescribed
standard, stock
asymmetrical, crooked
casual, occasional
improper, unconventional
improper, unlawful
randomized, randomised
unrenewable, nonrenewable
reparable, rectifiable
repeatable, quotable
unrepeatable, unquotable
repetitive, repetitious
iterative, reiterative
unasked, unsolicited
rhymed, rhyming
rhymed, riming
unrhymed, unrimed
unrhymed, rhymeless
unrhymed, rimeless
uniform, unvarying
polymorphic, polymorphous
periodic, periodical
oscillatory, oscillating
daily, day-to-day
daily, day-by-day
daily, day-after-day
weekly, hebdomadal
weekly, hebdomadary
semiweekly, biweekly
fortnightly, biweekly
annual, yearly
semiannual, biannual
semiannual, biyearly
semiannual, half-yearly
biennial, biyearly
bimonthly, bimestrial
semimonthly, bimonthly
semestral, semestrial
aperiodic, nonperiodic
affinal, affine
agnate, agnatic
agnate, paternal
akin, blood-related
akin, cognate
akin, consanguine
akin, consanguineous
akin, consanguineal
akin, kin
descendant, descendent
enate, enatic
enate, maternal
affiliated, attached
affiliated, connected
connate, cognate
correlative, correlate
correlative, correlated
digressive, tangential
extraneous, immaterial
extraneous, impertinent
extraneous, orthogonal
inapplicable, unsuitable
mindful, aware
careful, heedful
evocative, redolent
evocative, remindful
evocative, reminiscent
evocative, resonant
unmindful, forgetful
unmindful, mindless
amnesic, amnesiac
exchangeable, interchangeable
exchangeable, similar
exchangeable, standardized
exchangeable, standardised
irreplaceable, unreplaceable
delineative, depictive
figural, figurative
naturalistic, realistic
abstract, abstractionist
abstract, nonfigurative
abstract, nonobjective
conventional, formal
conventional, schematic
geometric, geometrical
allegorical, allegoric
emblematic, emblematical
emblematic, symbolic
emblematic, symbolical
nonrepresentative, unsymbolic
esteemed, honored
esteemed, prestigious
estimable, good
estimable, honorable
estimable, respectable
respected, well-thought-of
time-honored, time-honoured
discredited, damaged
ill-famed, infamous
ill-famed, notorious
louche, shady
seamy, seedy
seamy, sleazy
seamy, sordid
seamy, squalid
receptive, open
acceptive, acceptant
closed, unsympathetic
irreconcilable, unreconcilable
aloof, distant
aloof, upstage
indrawn, withdrawn
booked, engaged
booked, set-aside
first-come-first-serve, rush
irresistible, resistless
overpowering, overwhelming
desperate, do-or-die
firm, steadfast
firm, steady
firm, stiff
firm, unbendable
firm, unfaltering
firm, unshakable
firm, unwavering
single-minded, resolved
stalwart, stout
undaunted, undismayed
undaunted, unshaken
undeterred, undiscouraged
vacillant, vacillating
vacillant, wavering
decent, nice
upstanding, solid
deferent, deferential
deferent, regardful
annihilating, devastating
annihilating, withering
contemptuous, disdainful
contemptuous, insulting
contemptuous, scornful
derisive, gibelike
derisive, jeering
derisive, mocking
derisive, taunting
impious, undutiful
impudent, insolent
impudent, snotty-nosed
impudent, flip
carefree, devil-may-care
carefree, freewheeling
carefree, happy-go-lucky
carefree, harum-scarum
carefree, slaphappy
idle, loose
answering, respondent
low-key, low-keyed
low-key, subdued
excessive, extravagant
excessive, exuberant
excessive, overweening
unbridled, unchecked
unbridled, uncurbed
unbridled, ungoverned
unbuttoned, unlaced
unhampered, unhindered
circumscribed, limited
off-limits, out-of-bounds
confining, constraining
confining, constrictive
confining, limiting
confining, restricting
inhibitory, repressive
inhibitory, repressing
regulative, regulatory
retentive, recollective
retentive, long
retentive, tenacious
unretentive, forgetful
unretentive, short
reticulate, reticular
cancellate, cancellated
cancellate, clathrate
crisscross, crisscrossed
fretted, interlaced
fretted, latticed
fretted, latticelike
interconnected, interrelated
lacy, netlike
lacy, netted
lacy, webbed
lacy, weblike
lacy, webby
nonretractile, nonretractable
mirrorlike, specular
nonreflective, nonreflecting
echoic, echolike
bright, brilliant
echoing, reechoing
jingling, jingly
resonant, resonating
resonant, resounding
resonant, reverberating
resonant, reverberative
tinkling, tinkly
unreverberant, nonresonant
dull, thudding
adoring, worshipful
awed, awful
respectful, reverential
respectful, venerating
blasphemous, profane
blasphemous, sacrilegious
aweless, awless
aweless, disrespectful
resurgent, renascent
revitalized, revitalised
unrevived, unrenewed
awed, awestruck
awed, awestricken
aweless, awless
thankless, unappreciated
thankless, ungratifying
bombastic, declamatory
bombastic, large
bombastic, orotund
bombastic, tumid
bombastic, turgid
flowery, ornate
empurpled, over-embellished
empurpled, purple
grandiloquent, magniloquent
grandiloquent, tall
poetic, poetical
matter-of-fact, prosaic
rhythmical, rhythmic
cadenced, cadent
lilting, swinging
lilting, swingy
lilting, tripping
measured, metrical
measured, metric
chantlike, intoned
chantlike, singsong
unrhythmical, unrhythmic
arrhythmic, arrhythmical
affluent, flush
affluent, loaded
affluent, moneyed
affluent, wealthy
comfortable, easy
comfortable, prosperous
comfortable, well-fixed
comfortable, well-heeled
comfortable, well-off
comfortable, well-situated
comfortable, well-to-do
broke, bust
broke, skint
broke, stone-broke
broke, stony-broke
destitute, impoverished
destitute, indigent
destitute, necessitous
destitute, needy
destitute, poverty-stricken
deluxe, gilded
deluxe, grand
deluxe, luxurious
deluxe, opulent
deluxe, princely
deluxe, sumptuous
lavish, lucullan
lavish, lush
lavish, plush
lavish, plushy
beggarly, mean
moneyed, monied
bankrupt, belly-up
two-handed, bimanual
right, right-hand
left, left-hand
ambidextrous, two-handed
oldline, old-line
reactionary, reactionist
reactionary, far-right
rightist, right-wing
leftist, left-of-center
leftist, left-wing
centrist, middle-of-the-road
near, nigh
port, larboard
bicorn, bicorned
bicorn, bicornate
bicorn, bicornuate
bicorn, bicornuous
ethical, honorable
ethical, honourable
condemnable, criminal
condemnable, deplorable
condemnable, reprehensible
condemnable, vicious
base, immoral
misguided, mistaken
good, just
good, upright
sinful, unholy
sinful, wicked
beefy, burly
beefy, husky
beefy, strapping
beefy, buirdly
big-chested, chesty
big-shouldered, broad-shouldered
big-shouldered, square-shouldered
cast-iron, iron
hardy, stalwart
hardy, stout
hardy, sturdy
decrepit, debile
decrepit, feeble
decrepit, infirm
decrepit, rickety
decrepit, sapless
decrepit, weak
decrepit, weakly
round, circular
ball-shaped, global
ball-shaped, globose
ball-shaped, globular
ball-shaped, orbicular
ball-shaped, spheric
ball-shaped, spherical
bulblike, bulbous
bulblike, bulb-shaped
discoid, discoidal
discoid, disklike
discoid, disclike
discoid, disk-shaped
discoid, disc-shaped
moonlike, moon-round
allantoid, sausage-shaped
almond-shaped, amygdaliform
almond-shaped, amygdaloid
almond-shaped, amygdaloidal
annular, annulate
annular, annulated
annular, circinate
annular, ringed
annular, ring-shaped
annular, doughnut-shaped
aspheric, aspherical
auriform, ear-shaped
auriform, ear-like
crescent, crescent-shaped
crescent, semilunar
crescent, lunate
cycloid, cycloidal
cylindrical, cylindric
domed, vaulted
egg-shaped, elliptic
egg-shaped, elliptical
egg-shaped, oval
egg-shaped, oval-shaped
egg-shaped, ovate
egg-shaped, oviform
egg-shaped, ovoid
egg-shaped, prolate
ellipsoid, ellipsoidal
ellipsoid, spheroidal
lingulate, tongue-shaped
olivelike, olive-like
parabolic, parabolical
rod-shaped, rodlike
angular, angulate
asteroid, star-shaped
bicuspid, bicuspidate
cuspate, cuspated
cuspate, cusped
cuspate, cuspidal
cuspate, cuspidate
cuspate, cuspidated
sharp-cornered, sharp-angled
tricuspid, tricuspidate
oblate, pumpkin-shaped
prolate, watermelon-shaped
agrarian, agricultural
agrarian, farming
agrestic, rustic
arcadian, bucolic
arcadian, pastoral
countrified, countryfied
countrified, rustic
cracker-barrel, folksy
cracker-barrel, homespun
citified, cityfied
citified, city-bred
citified, city-born
urbanized, urbanised
rustproof, rustproofed
undercoated, undersealed
beatified, blessed
consecrated, sacred
consecrated, sanctified
hallowed, sacred
unholy, unhallowed
profane, unconsecrated
profane, unsanctified
ineffable, unnameable
ineffable, unspeakable
ineffable, unutterable
inviolable, inviolate
inviolable, sacrosanct
religious, spiritual
reverend, sublime
taboo, tabu
profane, secular
laic, lay
laic, secular
risk-free, riskless
risk-free, unhazardous
dangerous, unsafe
chancy, chanceful
chancy, dicey
chancy, dodgy
hazardous, risky
hazardous, wild
parlous, perilous
parlous, precarious
parlous, touch-and-go
self-destructive, suicidal
treacherous, unreliable
salable, saleable
marketable, merchantable
marketable, sellable
marketable, vendable
marketable, vendible
unsalable, unsaleable
unmarketable, unmerchantable
unmarketable, unvendible
comparable, corresponding
comparable, like
identical, indistinguishable
synoptic, synoptical
antithetic, antithetical
assorted, various
contrasting, contrastive
diametric, diametrical
diametric, opposite
diametric, polar
distinct, distinguishable
diverse, various
divers, diverse
aforesaid, aforementioned
aforesaid, said
identical, selfsame
identical, very
akin, kindred
analogous, correspondent
confusable, mistakable
amuck, amok
amuck, berserk
amuck, demoniac
amuck, demoniacal
amuck, possessed
balmy, barmy
balmy, bats
balmy, batty
balmy, bonkers
balmy, buggy
balmy, cracked
balmy, crackers
balmy, daft
balmy, dotty
balmy, fruity
balmy, haywire
balmy, kooky
balmy, kookie
balmy, loco
balmy, loony
balmy, loopy
balmy, nuts
balmy, nutty
balmy, wacky
balmy, whacky
brainsick, crazy
brainsick, demented
brainsick, disturbed
brainsick, mad
brainsick, sick
brainsick, unbalanced
brainsick, unhinged
certifiable, certified
crackbrained, idiotic
crazed, deranged
crazed, half-crazed
fey, touched
lunatic, moonstruck
maniacal, maniac
psychopathic, psychopathologic
psychopathic, psychopathological
screw-loose, screwy
satiate, satiated
satiable, satisfiable
insatiate, insatiable
insatiate, unsatiable
quenchless, unquenchable
unsated, unsatiated
unsated, unsatisfied
barbed, biting
barbed, nipping
barbed, pungent
barbed, mordacious
black, grim
black, mordant
satirical, satiric
adequate, passable
adequate, tolerable
comforting, cheering
comforting, satisfying
copacetic, copasetic
copacetic, copesetic
copacetic, copesettic
disappointing, dissatisfactory
disappointing, unsatisfying
ascendable, ascendible
ascendable, climbable
unscalable, unclimbable
academic, donnish
academic, pedantic
bookish, studious
erudite, learned
conscienceless, unconscionable
open, opened
sealed, certain
unsealed, uncertain
furtive, sneak
furtive, sneaky
furtive, stealthy
furtive, surreptitious
hidden, obscure
hidden, secret
sneaking, unavowed
blatant, blazing
blatant, conspicuous
indicative, indicatory
indicative, revelatory
indicative, significative
indicative, suggestive
nonsectarian, unsectarian
ecumenic, oecumenic
ecumenic, ecumenical
ecumenic, oecumenical
interchurch, interdenominational
secure, unafraid
secure, untroubled
insecure, unsafe
precarious, shaky
unguaranteed, unsecured
unbarred, unbolted
unbarred, unlatched
unbarred, unlocked
unbarred, unsecured
alluring, beguiling
alluring, enticing
alluring, tempting
uninviting, untempting
egotistic, egotistical
egotistic, narcissistic
egotistic, self-loving
self-serving, self-seeking
self-denying, self-giving
self-denying, self-sacrificing
elder, older
elder, sr.
ranking, superior
ranking, higher-ranking
junior-grade, lower-ranking
junior-grade, lowly
junior-grade, petty
junior-grade, secondary
junior-grade, subaltern
younger, jr.
lurid, shocking
scandalmongering, sensationalistic
scandalmongering, yellow
sensible, sensitive
anesthetic, anaesthetic
asleep, benumbed
asleep, numb
excitable, irritable
light-sensitive, photosensitive
reactive, responsive
dead, deadened
huffy, thin-skinned
huffy, feisty
huffy, touchy
callous, indurate
callous, pachydermatous
dead, numb
insensible, unaffected
thick-skinned, tough-skinned
sensitizing, sensitising
desensitizing, desensitising
sensory, sensorial
extrasensory, paranormal
detached, isolated
detached, separated
detached, set-apart
discrete, distinct
disjunct, isolated
concerted, conjunct
concerted, conjunctive
concerted, cooperative
conjoined, conjoint
corporate, collective
sanitary, healthful
hygienic, hygienical
unsanitary, insanitary
unsanitary, unhealthful
septic, infected
dirty, pestiferous
purulent, pussy
infectious, infective
putrefactive, putrefacient
aseptic, sterile
bactericidal, disinfectant
bactericidal, germicidal
cleansing, purifying
uninfected, clean
unsterilized, unsterilised
adulterating, adulterant
extraneous, foreign
ablutionary, cleansing
detergent, detersive
earnest, sincere
earnest, solemn
grave, sedate
grave, sober
grave, solemn
thoughtful, serious-minded
airheaded, dizzy
airheaded, empty-headed
airheaded, featherbrained
airheaded, giddy
airheaded, light-headed
airheaded, lightheaded
airheaded, silly
flighty, flyaway
flighty, head-in-the-clouds
flighty, scatterbrained
flippant, light-minded
idle, light
coltish, frolicsome
coltish, frolicky
coltish, rollicking
coltish, sportive
devilish, rascally
devilish, roguish
elfin, elfish
elfin, elvish
arch, impish
arch, implike
arch, mischievous
arch, pixilated
arch, prankish
arch, puckish
arch, wicked
kittenish, frisky
mocking, teasing
mocking, quizzical
unplayful, serious
unplayful, sober
elect, elite
durable, long-wearing
functional, usable
functional, useable
functional, operable
functional, operational
burned-out, burnt-out
located, placed
located, set
located, situated
relocated, resettled
aimless, drifting
aimless, floating
aimless, vagabond
aimless, vagrant
erratic, planetary
erratic, wandering
homeless, stateless
migrant, migratory
mobile, nomadic
mobile, peregrine
mobile, roving
mobile, wandering
peripatetic, wayfaring
rootless, vagabond
nonmigratory, resident
accomplished, effected
accomplished, established
appointed, decreed
appointed, ordained
appointed, prescribed
determined, dictated
determined, set
doubtful, tentative
open, undecided
open, undetermined
open, unresolved
aroused, horny
aroused, randy
aroused, ruttish
aroused, steamy
coquettish, flirtatious
erotic, titillating
blue, gamy
blue, gamey
blue, juicy
blue, naughty
blue, racy
blue, risque
blue, spicy
intimate, sexual
juicy, luscious
juicy, red-hot
juicy, toothsome
juicy, voluptuous
lascivious, lewd
lascivious, libidinous
lascivious, lustful
lubricious, lustful
lubricious, prurient
lubricious, salacious
oversexed, highly-sexed
pornographic, adult
asexual, nonsexual
agamic, agamous
agamic, agamogenetic
agamic, apomictic
agamic, parthenogenetic
neuter, sexless
vegetal, vegetative
castrated, unsexed
altered, neutered
cut, emasculated
cut, gelded
entire, intact
aphrodisiac, aphrodisiacal
aphrodisiac, sexy
monestrous, monoestrous
polyestrous, polyoestrous
diestrous, dioestrous
diestrous, diestrual
diestrous, dioestrual
bosomy, busty
bosomy, buxom
bosomy, curvaceous
bosomy, curvy
bosomy, full-bosomed
bosomy, sonsie
bosomy, sonsy
bosomy, stacked
bosomy, voluptuous
bosomy, well-endowed
callipygian, callipygous
Junoesque, statuesque
modeled, sculptural
modeled, sculptured
modeled, sculpturesque
retrousse, tip-tilted
retrousse, upturned
chunky, lumpy
clubfooted, taliped
deformed, distorted
deformed, ill-shapen
deformed, malformed
deformed, misshapen
knobby, knobbly
nodular, nodulated
nodular, noduled
pigeon-breasted, chicken-breasted
ductile, malleable
ductile, pliable
ductile, pliant
ductile, tensile
ductile, tractile
bacillar, bacillary
bacillar, bacilliform
bacillar, baculiform
bacillar, rod-shaped
catenulate, chainlike
drum-shaped, drum-like
navicular, scaphoid
shaped, molded
shaped, wrought
spade-shaped, spade-like
vermiform, worm-shaped
amorphous, formless
amorphous, shapeless
unshaped, unshapen
common, mutual
exclusive, sole
individual, single
shaven, shaved
beardless, whiskerless
clean-shaven, smooth-shaven
clean-shaven, well-shaven
unshaven, unshaved
bearded, barbate
bearded, bewhiskered
bearded, whiskered
bearded, whiskery
bestubbled, stubbled
bestubbled, stubbly
mustachioed, mustached
sheared, shorn
unsheared, unshorn
cased, encased
cased, incased
unsheathed, bare
shockable, narrow-minded
unshockable, broad-minded
shod, shodden
shod, shoed
sandaled, sandalled
unshod, unshoed
barefoot, barefooted
barefoot, shoeless
calced, shod
discalced, discalceate
discalced, unshod
nearsighted, shortsighted
nearsighted, myopic
farsighted, presbyopic
eagle-eyed, keen-sighted
eagle-eyed, farseeing
eagle-eyed, longsighted
hyperopic, hypermetropic
argus-eyed, hawk-eyed
argus-eyed, keen-sighted
argus-eyed, lynx-eyed
argus-eyed, quick-sighted
argus-eyed, sharp-eyed
argus-eyed, sharp-sighted
blind, unsighted
blindfold, blindfolded
color-blind, colour-blind
deuteranopic, green-blind
dim-sighted, near-blind
dim-sighted, purblind
dim-sighted, sand-blind
eyeless, sightless
eyeless, unseeing
protanopic, red-blind
snow-blind, snow-blinded
tritanopic, blue-blind
significant, important
epochal, epoch-making
earthshaking, world-shaking
earthshaking, world-shattering
evidential, evidentiary
fundamental, profound
noteworthy, remarkable
probative, probatory
portentous, prodigious
insignificant, unimportant
hole-and-corner, hole-in-corner
flimsy, fragile
flimsy, slight
flimsy, tenuous
flimsy, thin
superficial, trivial
simple, unsubdivided
acerate, acerose
acerate, acicular
acerate, needle-shaped
cordate, heart-shaped
cordate, cordiform
cuneate, wedge-shaped
dolabriform, dolabrate
ensiform, sword-shaped
ensiform, swordlike
ensiform, bladelike
hastate, spearhead-shaped
lanceolate, lancelike
linear, elongate
orbiculate, orbicular
pandurate, panduriform
pandurate, fiddle-shaped
peltate, shield-shaped
reniform, kidney-shaped
sagittate, sagittiform
sagittate, arrow-shaped
spatulate, spatula-shaped
bilobate, bilobated
bilobate, bilobed
cleft, dissected
even-pinnate, abruptly-pinnate
even-pinnate, paripinnate
lobed, lobate
odd-pinnate, imparipinnate
palmate, palm-shaped
pinnate, pinnated
trifoliate, trifoliolate
trifoliate, trifoliated
trilobate, trilobated
trilobate, trilobed
trilobate, three-lobed
tripinnate, tripinnated
unanalyzable, undecomposable
uncomplicated, unsophisticated
analyzable, decomposable
Byzantine, convoluted
Byzantine, involved
Byzantine, knotty
Byzantine, tangled
Byzantine, tortuous
colonial, compound
interlacing, interlinking
interlacing, interlocking
interlacing, interwoven
labyrinthine, labyrinthian
labyrinthine, mazy
dear, devout
dear, earnest
dear, heartfelt
genuine, true
genuine, unfeigned
heart-whole, wholehearted
heart-whole, whole-souled
bootlicking, fawning
bootlicking, obsequious
bootlicking, sycophantic
bootlicking, toadyish
buttery, fulsome
buttery, oily
buttery, oleaginous
buttery, smarmy
buttery, soapy
buttery, unctuous
gilded, meretricious
gilded, specious
zero, 0
one, 1
one, i
one, ane
two, 2
two, ii
three, 3
three, iii
four, 4
four, iv
five, 5
five, v
six, 6
six, vi
six, half-dozen
seven, 7
seven, vii
eight, 8
eight, viii
nine, 9
nine, ix
ten, 10
ten, x
eleven, 11
eleven, xi
twelve, 12
twelve, xii
twelve, dozen
thirteen, 13
thirteen, xiii
fourteen, 14
fourteen, xiv
fifteen, 15
fifteen, xv
sixteen, 16
sixteen, xvi
seventeen, 17
seventeen, xvii
eighteen, 18
eighteen, xviii
nineteen, 19
nineteen, xix
twenty, 20
twenty, xx
twenty-one, 21
twenty-one, xxi
twenty-two, 22
twenty-two, xxii
twenty-three, 23
twenty-three, xxiii
twenty-four, 24
twenty-four, xxiv
twenty-five, 25
twenty-five, xxv
twenty-six, 26
twenty-six, xxvi
twenty-seven, 27
twenty-seven, xxvii
twenty-eight, 28
twenty-eight, xxviii
twenty-nine, 29
twenty-nine, xxix
thirty, 30
thirty, xxx
thirty-one, 31
thirty-one, xxxi
thirty-two, 32
thirty-two, xxxii
thirty-three, 33
thirty-three, xxxiii
thirty-four, 34
thirty-four, xxxiv
thirty-five, 35
thirty-five, xxxv
thirty-six, 36
thirty-six, xxxvi
thirty-seven, 37
thirty-seven, xxxvii
thirty-eight, 38
thirty-eight, xxxviii
thirty-nine, 39
thirty-nine, ixl
forty, 40
forty, xl
forty, twoscore
forty-one, 41
forty-one, xli
forty-two, 42
forty-two, xlii
forty-three, 43
forty-three, xliii
forty-four, 44
forty-four, xliv
forty-five, 45
forty-five, xlv
forty-six, 46
forty-six, xlvi
forty-seven, 47
forty-seven, xlvii
forty-eight, 48
forty-eight, xlviii
forty-nine, 49
forty-nine, il
fifty, 50
fifty, l
fifty-one, 51
fifty-one, li
fifty-two, 52
fifty-two, lii
fifty-three, 53
fifty-three, liii
fifty-four, 54
fifty-four, liv
fifty-five, 55
fifty-five, lv
fifty-six, 56
fifty-six, lvi
fifty-seven, 57
fifty-seven, lvii
fifty-eight, 58
fifty-eight, lviii
fifty-nine, 59
fifty-nine, ilx
sixty, 60
sixty, lx
sixty, threescore
sixty-one, 61
sixty-one, lxi
sixty-two, 62
sixty-two, lxii
sixty-three, 63
sixty-three, lxiii
sixty-four, 64
sixty-four, lxiv
sixty-five, 65
sixty-five, lxv
sixty-six, 66
sixty-six, lxvi
sixty-seven, 67
sixty-seven, lxvii
sixty-eight, 68
sixty-eight, lxviii
sixty-nine, 69
sixty-nine, ilxx
seventy, 70
seventy, lxx
seventy-one, 71
seventy-one, lxxi
seventy-two, 72
seventy-two, lxxii
seventy-three, 73
seventy-three, lxxiii
seventy-four, 74
seventy-four, lxxiv
seventy-five, 75
seventy-five, lxxv
seventy-six, 76
seventy-six, lxxvi
seventy-seven, 77
seventy-seven, lxxvii
seventy-eight, 78
seventy-eight, lxxviii
seventy-nine, 79
seventy-nine, ilxxx
eighty, 80
eighty, lxxx
eighty, fourscore
eighty-one, 81
eighty-one, lxxxi
eighty-two, 82
eighty-two, lxxxii
eighty-three, 83
eighty-three, lxxxiii
eighty-four, 84
eighty-four, lxxxiv
eighty-five, 85
eighty-five, lxxxv
eighty-six, 86
eighty-six, lxxxvi
eighty-seven, 87
eighty-seven, lxxxvii
eighty-eight, 88
eighty-eight, lxxxviii
eighty-nine, 89
eighty-nine, ixc
ninety, 90
ninety, xc
ninety-one, 91
ninety-one, xci
ninety-two, 92
ninety-two, xcii
ninety-three, 93
ninety-three, xciii
ninety-four, 94
ninety-four, xciv
ninety-five, 95
ninety-five, xcv
ninety-six, 96
ninety-six, xcvi
ninety-seven, 97
ninety-seven, xcvii
ninety-eight, 98
ninety-eight, xcviii
ninety-nine, 99
ninety-nine, ic
hundred, 100
hundred, c
thousand, 1000
thousand, m
thousand, k
first, 1st
second, 2nd
second, 2d
third, 3rd
third, tertiary
fourth, 4th
fourth, quaternary
fifth, 5th
sixth, 6th
seventh, 7th
eighth, 8th
ninth, 9th
tenth, 10th
eleventh, 11th
twelfth, 12th
thirteenth, 13th
fourteenth, 14th
fifteenth, 15th
sixteenth, 16th
seventeenth, 17th
eighteenth, 18th
nineteenth, 19th
umpteenth, umteenth
umpteenth, umptieth
twentieth, 20th
twenty-first, 21st
twenty-second, 22nd
twenty-third, 23rd
twenty-fourth, 24th
twenty-fifth, 25th
twenty-sixth, 26th
twenty-seventh, 27th
twenty-eighth, 28th
twenty-ninth, 29th
thirtieth, 30th
thirty-first, 31st
thirty-second, 32nd
thirty-third, 33rd
thirty-fourth, 34th
thirty-fifth, 35th
thirty-sixth, 36th
thirty-seventh, 37th
thirty-eighth, 38th
thirty-ninth, 39th
fortieth, 40th
forty-first, 41st
forty-second, 42nd
forty-third, 43rd
forty-fourth, 44th
forty-fifth, 45th
forty-sixth, 46th
forty-seventh, 47th
forty-eighth, 48th
forty-ninth, 49th
fiftieth, 50th
fifty-fifth, 55th
sixtieth, 60th
sixty-fourth, 64th
sixty-fifth, 65th
seventieth, 70th
seventy-fifth, 75th
eightieth, 80th
eighty-fifth, 85th
ninetieth, 90th
ninety-fifth, 95th
hundredth, centesimal
hundredth, 100th
hundred-and-first, 101st
hundred-and-fifth, 105th
hundred-and-tenth, 110th
hundred-and-fifteenth, 115th
hundred-and-twentieth, 120th
hundred-and-twenty-fifth, 125th
hundred-and-thirtieth, 130th
hundred-and-thirty-fifth, 135th
hundred-and-fortieth, 140th
hundred-and-forty-fifth, 145th
hundred-and-fiftieth, 150th
hundred-and-fifty-fifth, 155th
hundred-and-sixtieth, 160th
hundred-and-sixty-fifth, 165th
hundred-and-seventieth, 170th
hundred-and-seventy-fifth, 175th
hundred-and-eightieth, 180th
hundred-and-ninetieth, 190th
two-hundredth, 200th
three-hundredth, 300th
four-hundredth, 400th
five-hundredth, 500th
thousandth, 1000th
nth, n-th
scripted, written
ad-lib, spontaneous
ad-lib, unwritten
azygous, azygos
one-man, one-person
one-man, one-woman
lone, lonesome
lone, only
lone, sole
lone, solitary
singular, unique
uninominal, one-member
double, doubled
double, twofold
double, two-fold
double, dual
double, duple
double, dual
double, twofold
double, two-fold
double, treble
double, threefold
double, three-fold
manifold, multiplex
ternary, treble
ternary, triple
ternary, triplex
treble, threefold
treble, three-fold
treble, triple
quadruple, fourfold
quadruple, four-fold
quadruple, quadruplicate
quadruple, quadruplex
quadruple, fourfold
quadruple, four-fold
quaternate, quaternary
quintuple, fivefold
quintuple, five-fold
sextuple, sixfold
sextuple, six-fold
septuple, sevenfold
septuple, seven-fold
octuple, eightfold
octuple, eight-fold
nonuple, ninefold
nonuple, nine-fold
tenfold, ten-fold
tenfold, denary
divided, dual-lane
medium-sized, medium-size
medium-sized, moderate-sized
medium-sized, moderate-size
accomplished, complete
adept, expert
adept, good
adept, practiced
adept, proficient
adept, skillful
adept, skilful
consummate, masterful
consummate, masterly
consummate, virtuoso
technical, expert
botchy, butcherly
botchy, unskillful
bungled, botched
bungling, clumsy
bungling, fumbling
bungling, incompetent
crude, rough
humble, menial
humble, lowly
numerical, mathematical
coarse, harsh
coarse-grained, large-grained
farinaceous, coarse-grained
farinaceous, grainy
farinaceous, granular
farinaceous, granulose
farinaceous, gritty
farinaceous, mealy
plushy, plush-like
loose, open
close, tight
close-grained, fine-grained
powdered, powdery
powdered, pulverized
powdered, pulverised
powdered, small-grained
powdered, fine-grained
slippery, slippy
slimed, slimy
slipping, slithering
lubricated, greased
unlubricated, ungreased
creaseless, uncreased
fine-textured, smooth-textured
seamless, unlined
seamless, unseamed
streamlined, aerodynamic
streamlined, flowing
streamlined, sleek
velvet, velvety
velvet, velvet-textured
rough, unsmooth
abrasive, scratchy
alligatored, cracked
broken, rugged
chapped, cracked
chapped, roughened
corded, twilled
costate, ribbed
cragged, craggy
cragged, hilly
cragged, mountainous
homespun, nubby
homespun, nubbly
homespun, slubbed
homespun, tweedy
imbricate, imbricated
lepidote, leprose
lepidote, scabrous
lepidote, scaly
lepidote, scurfy
lined, seamed
pocked, pockmarked
pocked, potholed
rock-ribbed, rockbound
rocky, bouldery
rocky, bouldered
rocky, stony
gravelly, pebbly
gravelly, shingly
shagged, shaggy
textured, rough-textured
textured, coarse-textured
verrucose, warty
verrucose, wartlike
rough, rocky
rough, bumpy
rough, jolty
rough, jolting
rough, jumpy
furrowed, rugged
rutted, rutty
unnotched, untoothed
ciliate, ciliated
crenate, crenated
crenate, scalloped
crenulate, crenulated
erose, jagged
erose, jaggy
erose, notched
erose, toothed
fringed, laciniate
lacerate, lacerated
serrate, serrated
serrate, saw-toothed
serrate, toothed
serrate, notched
unrifled, smoothbore
cultural, ethnic
cultural, ethnical
multiethnic, multi-ethnic
antisocial, asocial
lone, lonely
lone, solitary
recluse, reclusive
recluse, withdrawn
alone, lone
alone, lonely
alone, solitary
isolated, marooned
isolated, stranded
accompanied, attended
nongregarious, nonsocial
nongregarious, solitary
caespitose, cespitose
caespitose, tufted
sewed, sewn
sewed, stitched
multi-seeded, several-seeded
single-seeded, one-seeded
single-seeded, one-seed
clubbable, clubable
clubbish, clubby
convivial, good-time
extroverted, forthcoming
extroverted, outgoing
coagulated, solidified
congealed, jelled
congealed, jellied
fluid, runny
liquefiable, liquifiable
liquefied, liquified
aeriform, airlike
aerosolized, aerosolised
gasified, vaporized
gasified, vapourised
gasified, volatilized
gasified, volatilised
vaporific, vapourific
vaporific, vaporish
vaporific, vapourish
vaporific, vaporous
vaporific, vapourous
deep-set, sunken
deep-set, recessed
fistular, fistulate
fistular, fistulous
tubular, cannular
tubular, tubelike
tubular, tube-shaped
tubular, vasiform
dissolvable, dissoluble
meltable, disintegrable
insoluble, indissoluble
water-insoluble, non-water-soluble
solvable, resolvable
insolvable, unsoluble
insolvable, unsolvable
insolvable, unresolvable
solved, resolved
unsolved, unresolved
any, whatever
any, whatsoever
blase, worldly
intelligent, well-informed
polished, refined
polished, svelte
polished, urbane
naive, naif
childlike, wide-eyed
childlike, round-eyed
childlike, dewy-eyed
childlike, simple
fleeceable, green
fleeceable, gullible
innocent, ingenuous
unsophisticated, unworldly
dependable, good
dependable, safe
dependable, secure
bad, risky
bad, high-risk
bad, speculative
solid, strong
solid, substantial
decayed, rotten
decayed, rotted
bubbling, bubbly
bubbling, foaming
bubbling, foamy
bubbling, frothy
bubbling, effervescing
bubbling, spumy
aerated, charged
fizzing, fizzy
noncarbonated, uncarbonated
sparkling, effervescent
still, noneffervescent
specialized, specialised
unspecialized, unspecialised
generalized, generalised
spinous, spiny
boisterous, knockabout
dashing, gallant
ebullient, exuberant
ebullient, high-spirited
feisty, plucky
feisty, spunky
impertinent, irreverent
impertinent, pert
impertinent, saucy
lively, racy
snappy, whipping
vibrant, vivacious
zestful, yeasty
zestful, zesty
zestful, barmy
dispirited, listless
spontaneous, self-generated
impulsive, unprompted
natural, instinctive
elicited, evoked
expressed, uttered
expressed, verbalized
expressed, verbalised
oral, unwritten
viva-voce, word-of-mouth
backhand, left-slanting
graphic, graphical
voiced, sonant
voiced, soft
unvoiced, voiceless
unvoiced, surd
unvoiced, hard
codified, statute
nonsyllabic, unsyllabic
firm, steady
firm, unfluctuating
stabilized, stabilised
coseismic, coseismal
crank, cranky
crank, tender
crank, tippy
explosive, volatile
rickety, shaky
rickety, wobbly
rickety, wonky
seismic, seismal
staccato, disconnected
abrupt, disconnected
legato, smooth
authoritative, classical
authoritative, classic
authoritative, definitive
basic, canonic
basic, canonical
casebook, textbook
criterial, criterional
standardized, standardised
deficient, inferior
deficient, substandard
standard, received
unacceptable, unaccepted
starchlike, amylaceous
starchlike, amyloid
starchlike, amyloidal
starchlike, farinaceous
full, replete
well-fed, well-nourished
ill-fed, underfed
ill-fed, undernourished
starved, starving
dependable, rock-steady
dependable, steady-going
even, regular
level, unwavering
surefooted, sure-footed
surefooted, footsure
arrhythmic, jerking
arrhythmic, jerky
convulsive, spasmodic
convulsive, spastic
flickering, aflicker
palpitant, palpitating
shaky, shivering
shaky, trembling
quavering, tremulous
shifting, shifty
tottering, tottery
challenging, thought-provoking
piquant, salty
rousing, stirring
unstimulating, unexciting
bland, flat
dry, juiceless
ataractic, ataraxic
ataractic, sedative
ataractic, tranquilizing
ataractic, tranquillizing
ataractic, tranquilising
ataractic, tranquillising
narcotic, narcotizing
narcotic, narcotising
soporific, soporiferous
soporific, somniferous
soporific, somnific
soporific, hypnogogic
soporific, hypnagogic
adrenocorticotropic, adrenocorticotrophic
excitant, excitative
excitant, excitatory
irritating, irritative
stimulant, stimulating
astomatous, mouthless
aquiline, hooked
askew, awry
askew, cockeyed
askew, lopsided
askew, wonky
askew, skew-whiff
contorted, writhed
contorted, writhen
deflective, refractive
gnarled, gnarly
gnarled, knotted
gnarled, knotty
gnarled, knobbed
tortuous, twisting
tortuous, twisty
tortuous, winding
tortuous, voluminous
zigzag, zig-zag
trabeated, trabeate
uncurved, uncurving
curved, curving
arced, arched
arced, arching
arced, arciform
arced, arcuate
arced, bowed
curvilineal, curvilinear
falcate, falciform
falcate, sickle-shaped
curvy, curvey
hooklike, hooked
incurvate, incurved
recurved, recurvate
serpentine, snaky
serpentine, snakelike
sinuate, sinuous
sinuate, wiggly
coiling, helical
coiling, spiral
coiling, spiraling
coiling, volute
coiling, voluted
coiling, whorled
coiling, turbinate
convolute, convoluted
involute, rolled
uncoiled, straight
straight, square
aboveboard, straightforward
guileless, transparent
crooked, corrupt
sneaky, underhand
sneaky, underhanded
stressed, accented
emphatic, emphasized
emphatic, emphasised
unaccented, light
unaccented, weak
tonic, accented
atonic, unaccented
brawny, hefty
brawny, muscular
brawny, powerful
brawny, sinewy
hard, knockout
hard, severe
industrial-strength, weapons-grade
knock-down, powerful
reinforced, strengthened
well-knit, well-set
anemic, anaemic
adynamic, asthenic
adynamic, debilitated
adynamic, enervated
faint, feeble
feeble, lame
jerry-built, shoddy
namby-pamby, gutless
namby-pamby, spineless
namby-pamby, wishy-washy
pale, pallid
pale, wan
pale, sick
stubborn, obstinate
stubborn, unregenerate
bloody-minded, cantankerous
bolshy, stroppy
bullheaded, bullet-headed
bullheaded, pigheaded
dogged, dour
dogged, persistent
dogged, pertinacious
dogged, tenacious
dogged, unyielding
contrarious, cross-grained
hardheaded, mulish
strong-minded, strong-willed
meek, tame
sheeplike, sheepish
subject, dependent
disobedient, unruly
booming, flourishing
booming, palmy
booming, prospering
booming, prosperous
booming, roaring
booming, thriving
victorious, winning
defeated, disappointed
defeated, discomfited
defeated, foiled
defeated, frustrated
defeated, thwarted
empty-handed, unrewarded
scoreless, goalless
scoreless, hitless
unfulfilled, unrealized
unfulfilled, unrealised
adequate, decent
adequate, enough
insufficient, deficient
depleted, low
inadequate, poor
inadequate, short
lean, skimpy
light, scant
light, short
candied, sugar-coated
honeyed, honied
honeyed, syrupy
sugared, sweetened
sugared, sweet
sugared, sweet-flavored
sugarless, nonsweet
arch, condescending
arch, patronizing
arch, patronising
eminent, high
leading, preeminent
high-level, high-ranking
high-level, upper-level
majestic, olympian
humble, low
humble, lowly
humble, modest
humble, small
ace, A-one
ace, crack
ace, first-rate
ace, super
ace, tiptop
ace, topnotch
ace, top-notch
ace, tops
blue-ribbon, select
boss, brag
brilliant, superb
choice, prime
choice, prize
choice, quality
choice, select
excellent, first-class
excellent, fantabulous
excellent, splendid
greatest, sterling
greatest, superlative
pukka, pucka
top-flight, top-hole
top-flight, topping
transcendent, surpassing
bum, cheap
bum, cheesy
bum, chintzy
bum, crummy
bum, punk
bum, sleazy
bum, tinny
bush-league, bush
cheapjack, shoddy
cheapjack, tawdry
coarse, common
commercial, commercial-grade
deplorable, execrable
deplorable, miserable
deplorable, woeful
deplorable, wretched
mediocre, second-rate
ropey, ropy
scrawny, scrubby
scrawny, stunted
utility, utility-grade
overlying, superimposed
superscript, superior
subscript, inferior
braced, buttressed
pendent, pendant
pendent, dependent
subsidized, subsidised
baseless, groundless
baseless, idle
baseless, unfounded
baseless, unwarranted
baseless, wild
single-handed, unassisted
single-handed, unbacked
uncorroborated, unsubstantiated
assisted, aided
accessory, adjunct
accessory, ancillary
accessory, adjuvant
accessory, appurtenant
accessory, auxiliary
accessary, accessory
collateral, confirmative
collateral, confirming
collateral, confirmatory
collateral, corroborative
collateral, corroboratory
collateral, substantiating
collateral, substantiative
collateral, validating
collateral, validatory
collateral, verificatory
collateral, verifying
encouraging, supporting
confounding, contradictory
disconfirming, invalidating
conquerable, superable
insurmountable, unsurmountable
insuperable, unconquerable
amazed, astonied
amazed, astonished
amazed, astounded
amazed, stunned
dumbfounded, dumfounded
dumbfounded, flabbergasted
dumbfounded, stupefied
dumbfounded, thunderstruck
dumbfounded, dumbstruck
dumbfounded, dumbstricken
goggle-eyed, openmouthed
goggle-eyed, popeyed
amazing, astonishing
allergic, hypersensitive
allergic, hypersensitized
allergic, hypersensitised
allergic, sensitized
allergic, sensitised
allergic, supersensitive
allergic, supersensitized
allergic, supersensitised
capable, open
capable, subject
convincible, persuadable
convincible, persuasible
convincible, suasible
fictile, pliable
liable, nonimmune
liable, nonresistant
liable, unresistant
amenable, tractable
unsusceptible, insusceptible
immune, resistant
immunized, immunised
immunized, vaccinated
unpersuadable, unsuasible
impressionable, waxy
impressionable, impressible
plastic, pliant
extra, special
sec, unsweet
cloying, saccharine
cloying, syrupy
cloying, treacly
acerb, acerbic
acerb, astringent
acetose, acetous
acetose, vinegary
acetose, vinegarish
acidic, acid
acidic, acidulent
acidic, acidulous
lemony, lemonlike
lemony, sourish
lemony, tangy
lemony, tart
off, sour
off, turned
fresh, sweet
fresh, unfermented
symmetrical, symmetric
bilateral, isobilateral
cruciate, cruciform
even, regular
radial, stellate
radial, radiate
rhombohedral, trigonal
asymmetrical, asymmetric
unsymmetric, unsymmetrical
actinomorphic, actinomorphous
zygomorphic, zygomorphous
empathic, empathetic
unsympathizing, unsympathising
sympathetic, appealing
sympathetic, likeable
sympathetic, likable
unsympathetic, unappealing
unsympathetic, unlikeable
unsympathetic, unlikable
diachronic, historical
synchronous, synchronal
synchronous, synchronic
coetaneous, coeval
coetaneous, contemporaneous
coexistent, coexisting
coincident, coincidental
coincident, coinciding
coincident, concurrent
coincident, co-occurrent
coincident, cooccurring
coincident, simultaneous
contemporaneous, contemporary
synchronized, synchronised
anachronic, anachronous
anachronic, anachronistic
nonsynchronous, unsynchronized
nonsynchronous, unsynchronised
nonsynchronous, unsynchronous
serial, nonparallel
contrastive, incompatible
reticent, untalkative
chatty, gabby
chatty, garrulous
chatty, loquacious
chatty, talkative
chatty, talky
discerning, discreet
tactless, untactful
gangling, gangly
gangling, lanky
gangling, rangy
leggy, long-legged
leggy, long-shanked
leggy, tall-growing
long-stalked, tall-stalked
stately, statuesque
short, little
chunky, dumpy
chunky, low-set
chunky, squat
chunky, squatty
chunky, stumpy
compact, heavyset
compact, stocky
compact, thick
compact, thickset
pint-size, pint-sized
pint-size, runty
pint-size, sawed-off
pint-size, sawn-off
squab, squabby
tame, tamed
docile, gentle
domestic, domesticated
wild, untamed
feral, ferine
feral, savage
chaotic, disorderly
delirious, excited
delirious, frantic
delirious, mad
delirious, unrestrained
frenzied, manic
tangible, touchable
tactile, tactual
intangible, impalpable
aesthetic, esthetic
aesthetic, artistic
understated, unostentatious
understated, unpretentious
brassy, cheap
brassy, flash
brassy, flashy
brassy, garish
brassy, gaudy
brassy, gimcrack
brassy, loud
brassy, meretricious
brassy, tacky
brassy, tatty
brassy, tawdry
brassy, trashy
camp, campy
indelicate, off-color
indelicate, off-colour
ostentatious, pretentious
acid-tasting, sour-tasting
ambrosial, ambrosian
ambrosial, nectarous
bitterish, sharp-tasting
bittersweet, semisweet
delectable, delicious
delectable, luscious
delectable, pleasant-tasting
delectable, scrumptious
delectable, toothsome
delectable, yummy
flavorful, flavourful
flavorful, flavorous
flavorful, flavourous
flavorful, flavorsome
flavorful, flavoursome
flavorful, sapid
flavorful, saporous
full-bodied, racy
full-bodied, rich
full-bodied, robust
hot, spicy
grapey, grapy
nutty, nutlike
piquant, savory
piquant, savoury
piquant, spicy
piquant, zesty
pungent, acrid
winy, winey
bland, flat
bland, flavorless
bland, flavourless
bland, insipid
bland, savorless
bland, savourless
bland, vapid
unflavored, unflavoured
unflavored, nonflavored
unflavored, nonflavoured
unsalted, unseasoned
taxable, nonexempt
ratable, rateable
nontaxable, exempt
tax-exempt, tax-free
tax-exempt, untaxed
abstemious, light
moderate, restrained
big, heavy
taut, tight
drooping, droopy
drooping, sagging
loose, slack
cliff-hanging, suspenseful
cliff-hanging, suspensive
cliff-hanging, nail-biting
antsy, fidgety
antsy, fretful
antsy, itchy
edgy, high-strung
edgy, jittery
edgy, jumpy
edgy, nervy
edgy, overstrung
edgy, restive
edgy, uptight
pumped-up, pumped
pumped-up, wired
laid-back, mellow
extraterritorial, exterritorial
thermosetting, thermoset
capillary, hairlike
compressed, flat
diaphanous, filmy
diaphanous, gauzy
diaphanous, gauze-like
diaphanous, gossamer
diaphanous, see-through
diaphanous, sheer
diaphanous, transparent
diaphanous, vaporous
diaphanous, vapourous
diaphanous, cobwebby
filamentous, filiform
filamentous, filamentlike
filamentous, threadlike
filamentous, thready
ribbonlike, ribbony
clogged, clotted
coagulate, coagulated
coagulate, curdled
coagulate, grumous
coagulate, grumose
dense, heavy
dense, impenetrable
gelatinous, gelatinlike
gelatinous, jellylike
ropy, ropey
ropy, stringy
ropy, thready
syrupy, viscous
rare, rarefied
rare, rarified
cogitable, ponderable
conceivable, imaginable
presumable, supposable
presumable, surmisable
impossible, inconceivable
impossible, unimaginable
bemused, lost
bemused, preoccupied
brooding, broody
brooding, contemplative
brooding, meditative
brooding, musing
brooding, pensive
brooding, pondering
brooding, reflective
brooding, ruminative
inconsiderate, unconsidered
unreflective, unthinking
unreflective, unthoughtful
economical, frugal
economical, scotch
economical, sparing
economical, stinting
extravagant, prodigal
extravagant, profligate
extravagant, spendthrift
uneconomical, uneconomic
clean-cut, trig
clean-cut, trim
neat, orderly
shipshape, trim
shipshape, well-kept
uncluttered, unlittered
blowsy, blowzy
blowsy, slatternly
blowsy, sluttish
cluttered, littered
disheveled, dishevelled
disheveled, frowzled
disheveled, rumpled
disheveled, tousled
disorderly, higgledy-piggledy
disorderly, hugger-mugger
disorderly, jumbled
disorderly, topsy-turvy
frowsy, frowzy
frowsy, slovenly
messy, mussy
sprawling, straggling
sprawling, rambling
sprawling, straggly
kempt, tidy
plastered, slicked
well-groomed, well-dressed
bushy, shaggy
bushy, shaggy-haired
bushy, shaggy-coated
half-timber, half-timbered
aweary, weary
bleary, blear
bleary, bleary-eyed
bleary, blear-eyed
bored, world-weary
burned-out, burnt-out
careworn, drawn
careworn, haggard
careworn, raddled
careworn, worn
drooping, flagging
exhausted, dog-tired
exhausted, fagged
exhausted, fatigued
exhausted, spent
exhausted, washed-out
exhausted, worn-out
jaded, wearied
knackered, drained
unrefreshed, unrested
fresh, invigorated
fresh, refreshed
fresh, reinvigorated
untired, unwearied
untired, unweary
bearable, endurable
bearable, sufferable
bearable, supportable
tolerant, resistant
intolerable, unbearable
intolerable, unendurable
impossible, insufferable
impossible, unacceptable
impossible, unsufferable
rigid, strict
atonal, unkeyed
fine-toothed, fine-tooth
saber-toothed, sabertoothed
saber-toothed, sabre-toothed
edental, edentate
edental, edentulate
topmost, uppermost
topmost, upmost
bottommost, lowermost
bottommost, nethermost
lateral, sidelong
flat-topped, flat-top
bell-bottomed, bell-bottom
bell-bottomed, bellbottom
flat-bottomed, flat-bottom
round-bottomed, round-bottom
pantropical, pantropic
tropical, tropic
north-polar, Arctic
south-polar, Antarctic
cartilaginous, gristly
cartilaginous, rubbery
coriaceous, leathered
coriaceous, leatherlike
coriaceous, leathery
fibrous, sinewy
fibrous, stringy
fibrous, unchewable
hempen, fibrous
chewable, cuttable
crisp, crispy
flaky, flakey
tenderized, tenderised
tough, toughened
calloused, callous
calloused, thickened
enured, inured
enured, hardened
tender, untoughened
delicate, soft
hard-bitten, hard-boiled
hard-bitten, pugnacious
tough-minded, unsentimental
cyanogenetic, cyanogenic
deadly, venomous
deadly, virulent
poisonous, toxicant
nontoxic, atoxic
nonpoisonous, non-poisonous
tractable, manipulable
ductile, malleable
docile, teachable
tamable, tameable
balking, balky
refractory, stubborn
uncontrollable, unmanageable
traceable, trackable
half-track, half-tracked
untraveled, untravelled
trimmed, cut
untrimmed, uncut
annoyed, harassed
annoyed, harried
annoyed, pestered
annoyed, vexed
anxious, nervous
anxious, queasy
anxious, uneasy
anxious, unquiet
buffeted, storm-tossed
buffeted, tempest-tossed
buffeted, tempest-tost
buffeted, tempest-swept
care-laden, heavy-laden
disquieted, distressed
disquieted, disturbed
disquieted, upset
disquieted, worried
distressed, hard-pressed
hag-ridden, hagridden
hag-ridden, tormented
stressed, distressed
carefree, unworried
actual, genuine
actual, literal
actual, real
apodictic, apodeictic
specious, spurious
trustful, trusting
unsuspecting, unsuspicious
cynical, misanthropic
cynical, misanthropical
doubting, questioning
doubting, skeptical
doubting, sceptical
jealous, green-eyed
jealous, overjealous
leery, mistrustful
leery, suspicious
leery, untrusting
leery, wary
trustworthy, trusty
authentic, reliable
creditworthy, responsible
dependable, honest
dependable, reliable
dependable, true
sure, trusted
untrustworthy, untrusty
devious, shifty
fly-by-night, shady
slippery, tricky
inverted, upside-down
overturned, upset
overturned, upturned
rotated, revolved
wrong-side-out, inside-out
emblematic, exemplary
emblematic, typic
regular, veritable
atypical, untypical
underhand, underhanded
underhand, underarm
overhand, overhanded
overhand, overarm
opencast, opencut
belowground, underground
submarine, undersea
submerged, submersed
submerged, underwater
subterranean, subterraneous
submersible, submergible
nonsubmersible, nonsubmergible
liquid, swimming
teary, teary-eyed
teary, watery-eyed
sniffly, snuffling
sniffly, snuffly
tearless, dry-eyed
organized, organised
organized, unionized
organized, unionised
unorganized, unorganised
unorganized, nonunionized
unorganized, nonunionised
biparous, twinning
allied, confederate
allied, confederative
amalgamate, amalgamated
amalgamate, coalesced
amalgamate, consolidated
amalgamate, fused
coalescent, coalescing
conjugate, conjugated
conjugate, coupled
federate, federated
incorporate, incorporated
incorporate, integrated
incorporate, merged
incorporate, unified
one, unitary
unsegmented, nonsegmental
bicameral, two-chambered
bifurcate, biramous
bifurcate, branched
bifurcate, forked
bifurcate, fork-like
bifurcate, forficate
bifurcate, pronged
bifurcate, prongy
bilocular, biloculate
cloven, bisulcate
disconnected, disunited
disconnected, fragmented
disconnected, split
metameric, segmental
metameric, segmented
pronged, tined
sectional, sectioned
bivalve, bivalved
lamellibranch, pelecypod
lamellibranch, pelecypodous
acclivitous, rising
acclivitous, uphill
ascendant, ascendent
ascendant, ascensive
up, upward
declivitous, downhill
declivitous, downward-sloping
descendant, descendent
down, downward
dropping, falling
improving, up
ungulate, ungulated
ungulate, hoofed
ungulate, hooved
unguiculate, unguiculated
ahead, leading
dormie, dormy
heavenward, skyward
upstairs, upstair
downstairs, downstair
utilized, utilised
exploited, ill-used
exploited, put-upon
exploited, used
exploited, victimized
exploited, victimised
useful, utile
reclaimable, recyclable
reclaimable, reusable
useable, usable
futile, ineffectual
futile, otiose
futile, unavailing
unserviceable, unusable
unserviceable, unuseable
airy, impractical
airy, visionary
airy, Laputan
airy, windy
legal, sound
legal, effectual
legitimate, logical
reasoned, sound
reasoned, well-grounded
bad, uncollectible
fallacious, unsound
invalidated, nullified
null, void
sophistic, sophistical
invaluable, priceless
good-for-nothing, good-for-naught
good-for-nothing, meritless
good-for-nothing, no-account
good-for-nothing, no-count
good-for-nothing, no-good
good-for-nothing, sorry
negligible, paltry
negligible, trifling
otiose, pointless
otiose, purposeless
otiose, senseless
otiose, superfluous
otiose, wasted
rubbishy, trashy
changeable, uncertain
changeable, unsettled
changeless, constant
changeless, invariant
changeless, unvarying
hard-and-fast, strict
many-sided, multifaceted
many-sided, miscellaneous
many-sided, multifarious
varicolored, varicoloured
varicolored, variegated
varying, variable
versatile, various
unvaried, unvarying
aired, airy
airless, close
airless, stuffy
airless, unaired
unaerated, unoxygenated
invertebrate, spineless
unassailable, untouchable
ferocious, fierce
ferocious, furious
ferocious, savage
hot, raging
knockdown-dragout, knock-down-and-drag-out
ruffianly, tough
passive, peaceful
impeccant, innocent
impeccant, sinless
evil, vicious
flagitious, heinous
iniquitous, sinful
iniquitous, ungodly
irreclaimable, irredeemable
irreclaimable, unredeemable
irreclaimable, unreformable
nefarious, villainous
peccable, peccant
visible, seeable
ocular, visual
macroscopic, macroscopical
megascopic, gross
microscopic, microscopical
panoptic, panoptical
invisible, unseeable
concealed, hidden
viviparous, live-bearing
evaporable, vaporific
evaporable, vapourific
evaporable, vaporizable
evaporable, vapourisable
evaporable, volatilizable
evaporable, volatilisable
nonvolatile, nonvolatilizable
nonvolatile, nonvolatilisable
willful, wilful
uncoerced, unforced
uncoerced, willing
unpaid, volunteer
involuntary, nonvoluntary
involuntary, unvoluntary
driven, goaded
automatic, reflex
automatic, reflexive
assailable, undefendable
assailable, undefended
assailable, open
defenseless, defenceless
insecure, unsafe
airtight, air-tight
bombproof, shellproof
defendable, defensible
impregnable, inviolable
impregnable, secure
impregnable, strong
impregnable, unassailable
impregnable, unattackable
craved, desired
longed-for, wished-for
longed-for, yearned-for
sought, sought-after
cast-off, discarded
cast-off, throwaway
cast-off, thrown-away
friendless, outcast
outcaste, casteless
undesired, unsought
unwelcome, unwished
unwelcome, unwished-for
lukewarm, tepid
homoiothermic, homeothermic
homoiothermic, homothermic
poikilothermic, poikilothermous
poikilothermic, heterothermic
poikilothermic, ectothermic
wash-and-wear, drip-dry
accelerative, acceleratory
maximizing, maximising
profit-maximizing, profit-maximising
depreciating, depreciative
depreciating, depreciatory
dwindling, tapering
decrescendo, diminuendo
rallentando, ritardando
rallentando, ritenuto
rallentando, rit.
asymptomatic, symptomless
cured, healed
cured, recovered
ill, sick
afflicted, stricken
ailing, indisposed
ailing, peaked
ailing, poorly
ailing, sickly
ailing, unwell
ailing, seedy
airsick, carsick
airsick, seasick
bedfast, bedridden
bedfast, bedrid
bedfast, sick-abed
bilious, liverish
bilious, livery
convalescent, recovering
delirious, hallucinating
dizzy, giddy
dizzy, woozy
dizzy, vertiginous
faint, light
faint, swooning
faint, light-headed
faint, lightheaded
feverish, feverous
nauseated, nauseous
nauseated, queasy
nauseated, sick
nauseated, sickish
paralytic, paralyzed
rickety, rachitic
tubercular, tuberculous
bedewed, dewy
boggy, marshy
boggy, miry
boggy, mucky
boggy, muddy
boggy, quaggy
boggy, sloppy
boggy, sloughy
boggy, soggy
boggy, squashy
boggy, swampy
boggy, waterlogged
clammy, dank
damp, dampish
damp, moist
sodden, soppy
drippy, drizzly
muggy, steamy
muggy, sticky
reeking, watery
showery, rainy
steaming, steamy
adust, baked
adust, parched
adust, scorched
adust, sunbaked
arid, waterless
desiccated, dried-out
dried-up, sere
dried-up, sear
dried-up, shriveled
dried-up, shrivelled
dried-up, withered
wet, lactating
hydrous, hydrated
wage-earning, working-class
alimentary, alimental
alimentary, nourishing
alimentary, nutrient
alimentary, nutritious
alimentary, nutritive
healthy, salubrious
hearty, satisfying
hearty, solid
hearty, square
hearty, substantial
insalubrious, unhealthful
insalubrious, unhealthy
insubstantial, jejune
nauseating, nauseous
nauseating, noisome
nauseating, queasy
nauseating, loathsome
nauseating, offensive
nauseating, sickening
nauseating, vile
wide, broad
bird's-eye, panoramic
constricting, constrictive
constricting, narrowing
slender, thin
tapered, tapering
tapered, narrowing
bare, marginal
unwieldy, unmanageable
awkward, bunglesome
awkward, clumsy
awkward, ungainly
cumbersome, cumbrous
peruked, periwigged
disposed, fain
disposed, inclined
disposed, prepared
glad, happy
loath, loth
loath, reluctant
unintentional, unwilled
alar, alary
alar, aliform
alar, wing-shaped
alate, alated
brachypterous, short-winged
apterous, apteral
all-knowing, omniscient
perspicacious, sagacious
perspicacious, sapient
absurd, cockeyed
absurd, derisory
absurd, idiotic
absurd, laughable
absurd, ludicrous
absurd, nonsensical
absurd, preposterous
absurd, ridiculous
asinine, fatuous
asinine, inane
asinine, mindless
asinine, vacuous
cockamamie, cockamamy
cockamamie, goofy
cockamamie, sappy
cockamamie, silly
cockamamie, wacky
cockamamie, whacky
cockamamie, zany
harebrained, insane
harebrained, mad
ill-conceived, misguided
rattlebrained, rattlepated
rattlebrained, scatterbrained
rattlebrained, scatty
arboraceous, arboreous
arboraceous, woodsy
arboraceous, woody
bosky, brushy
braky, brambly
scrabbly, scrubby
sylvan, silvan
unwooded, treeless
birch, birchen
birch, birken
pulpy, squashy
worldly, secular
worldly, temporal
materialistic, mercenary
materialistic, worldly-minded
mundane, terrestrial
anchoritic, eremitic
anchoritic, eremitical
anchoritic, hermitic
anchoritic, hermitical
cloistered, cloistral
cloistered, conventual
cloistered, monastic
cloistered, monastical
spiritual, unearthly
creaky, decrepit
creaky, derelict
creaky, flea-bitten
creaky, run-down
creaky, woebegone
dog-eared, eared
eroded, scoured
mangy, mangey
moth-eaten, mothy
raddled, worn-out
moth-eaten, ratty
moth-eaten, shabby
moth-eaten, tatty
scruffy, seedy
shopworn, shopsoiled
tattered, tatterdemalion
vermiculate, worm-eaten
vermiculate, wormy
weather-beaten, weatherworn
weather-beaten, weathered
applaudable, commendable
applaudable, laudable
applaudable, praiseworthy
deserving, worth
exemplary, model
meritorious, meritable
noteworthy, notable
valued, precious
valuable, worthful
undeserving, unworthy
re-entrant, reentrant
baptized, baptised
unbaptized, unbaptised
unshelled, shell-less
flowerless, nonflowering
vegetal, vegetational
vegetal, vegetative
abasic, abatic
Abkhaz, Abkhazian
acapnic, acapnial
acapnic, acapnotic
acinar, acinous
acinar, acinose
acinar, acinic
acrogenic, acrogenous
actinometric, actinometrical
actinomycetal, actinomycetous
aculeate, aculeated
adjudicative, adjudicatory
adnexal, annexal
adrenergic, sympathomimetic
antisatellite, ASAT
aeronautical, aeronautic
aesculapian, medical
affixal, affixial
agrobiologic, agrobiological
agrologic, agrological
agronomic, agronomical
alabaster, alabastrine
albinal, albinotic
albinal, albinic
albinal, albinistic
alchemic, alchemical
alchemistic, alchemistical
algometric, algometrical
Algonquian, Algonkian
Algonquian, Algonquin
allelic, allelomorphic
allotropic, allotropical
alphabetic, alphabetical
alphanumeric, alphanumerical
alphanumeric, alphameric
alphanumeric, alphamerical
ameboid, amoeboid
amenorrheic, amenorrhoeic
amenorrheic, amenorrheal
amenorrheic, amenorrhoeal
amino, aminic
ammoniac, ammoniacal
amnestic, amnesic
amniotic, amnionic
amniotic, amnic
amphitheatric, amphitheatrical
ampullar, ampullary
anaglyphic, anaglyphical
anaglyphic, anaglyptic
anaglyphic, anaglyptical
anagogic, anagogical
anagrammatic, anagrammatical
anastigmatic, stigmatic
androgenetic, androgenous
anemometric, anemometrical
anencephalic, anencephalous
anestrous, anestric
anestrous, anoestrous
anginal, anginose
anginal, anginous
angiocarpic, angiocarpous
animist, animistic
anisogamic, anisogamous
annelid, annelidan
anodic, anodal
anosmic, anosmatic
antennal, antennary
anthropic, anthropical
anthropogenetic, anthropogenic
anthropometric, anthropometrical
anticancer, antineoplastic
anticancer, antitumor
anticancer, antitumour
anticlimactic, anticlimactical
antimonic, antimonious
antiphonary, antiphonal
antipodal, antipodean
antitypic, antitypical
anuran, batrachian
anuran, salientian
anuretic, anuric
aortal, aortic
aphaeretic, apheretic
apneic, apnoeic
apogamic, apogametic
apogamic, apogamous
apomictic, apomictical
apoplectiform, apoplectoid
apothegmatic, apothegmatical
appositional, appositive
arachnoid, arachnidian
arachnoid, spidery
arachnoid, spiderlike
arachnoid, spiderly
Aramean, Aramaean
araneidal, araneidan
arbitral, arbitrational
arborical, arboreal
arborical, arborary
arborical, arborous
archaeological, archeological
archaeological, archaeologic
archaeological, archeologic
archangelic, archangelical
archegonial, archegoniate
archiepiscopal, archepiscopal
areolar, areolate
aroid, araceous
arthropodal, arthropodan
arthropodal, arthropodous
arthrosporic, arthrosporous
articular, articulary
articulatory, articulative
artiodactyl, artiodactylous
artiodactyl, even-toed
ascetic, ascetical
ascosporic, ascosporous
stomatal, stomatous
stomatal, stomatous
astronautic, astronautical
astronomic, astronomical
ataxic, atactic
atrioventricular, auriculoventricular
auroral, aurorean
aurous, auric
autarchic, autarchical
autarchic, autarkical
authorial, auctorial
autobiographical, autobiographic
autobiographical, autobiographic
autotrophic, autophytic
axiomatic, axiomatical
axiomatic, postulational
axiomatic, aphoristic
avellan, avellane
avifaunal, avifaunistic
axile, axial
azotemic, uremic
azotemic, uraemic
baccate, berrylike
bacillar, bacillary
bacteriophagic, bacteriophagous
bacteroidal, bacteroid
bacteroidal, bacterioidal
bacteroidal, bacterioid
balsamic, balsamy
barometric, barometrical
basilar, basilary
batholithic, batholitic
bathymetric, bathymetrical
behavioristic, behaviorist
behavioristic, behaviouristic
behavioristic, behaviourist
benedictory, benedictive
benthic, benthal
benthic, benthonic
biaxial, biaxal
biaxial, biaxate
bibliographic, bibliographical
bibliothecal, bibliothecarial
bilious, biliary
bimetallistic, bimetallic
biogeographic, biogeographical
biological, biologic
sociobiologic, sociobiological
botanic, botanical
botryoid, botryoidal
botryoid, boytrose
brachiopod, brachiopodous
bracteate, bracted
brahminic, brahminical
branchiopod, branchiopodan
branchiopod, branchiopodous
brassy, brasslike
broadband, wideband
cacodemonic, cacodaemonic
cadaverous, cadaveric
calcareous, chalky
calceolate, calceiform
calendric, calendrical
calyceal, calycine
calyceal, calycinal
calycular, calicular
calyculate, calycled
campanulate, campanular
campanulate, campanulated
canine, laniary
capitular, capitulary
carbonyl, carbonylic
carboxyl, carboxylic
cardiopulmonary, cardiorespiratory
Caroline, Carolean
cartographic, cartographical
caruncular, carunculous
carunculate, carunculated
catabolic, katabolic
catachrestic, catachrestical
catapultic, catapultian
categorical, categoric
catoptric, catoptrical
cecal, caecal
celestial, heavenly
celestial, heavenly
integumentary, integumental
cenobitic, coenobitic
cenobitic, cenobitical
cenobitic, coenobitical
eremitic, eremitical
centralist, centralistic
cephalopod, cephalopodan
cetacean, cetaceous
chaetognathan, chaetognathous
chaffy, chafflike
Chaldean, Chaldaean
Chaldean, Chaldee
chartaceous, papery
chartaceous, paperlike
chelate, chelated
cheliceral, chelicerate
chemical, chemic
chemotherapeutic, chemotherapeutical
chiasmal, chiasmic
chiasmal, chiasmatic
chimeric, chimerical
chimeric, chimeral
chlorophyllose, chlorophyllous
chlorotic, greensick
civil, civic
cleistogamous, cleistogamic
cloven-hoofed, cloven-footed
collagenous, collagenic
collegiate, collegial
colorimetric, colorimetrical
cosmologic, cosmological
cosmologic, cosmological
cosmologic, cosmogonic
cosmologic, cosmogonical
cosmologic, cosmogenic
coreferential, co-referent
cormous, cormose
crustaceous, crustacean
cryptanalytic, cryptographic
cryptanalytic, cryptographical
cryptanalytic, cryptologic
cryptanalytic, cryptological
cryptogamic, cryptogamous
ctenoid, comb-like
cupric, cuprous
cytoarchitectural, cytoarchitectonic
cytoplasmic, cytoplasmatic
cytogenetic, cytogenetical
cytological, cytologic
czarist, czaristic
czarist, tsarist
czarist, tsaristic
czarist, tzarist
despotic, despotical
diametral, diametric
diametral, diametrical
diaphoretic, sudorific
dimorphic, dimorphous
dysgenic, cacogenic
Eurocentric, Europocentric
economic, economical
electrophoretic, cataphoretic
electrostatic, static
empyrean, empyreal
eonian, aeonian
epenthetic, parasitic
epidural, extradural
episcopal, pontifical
estuarine, estuarial
exegetic, exegetical
ferric, ferrous
feudal, feudalistic
febrile, feverish
fiber-optic, fiberoptic
fiber-optic, fibre-optic
fiber-optic, fibreoptic
fisheye, wide-angle
flaky, flakey
fleshy, sarcoid
foliate, foliated
formalistic, formalized
formalistic, formalised
three-wheel, three-wheeled
four-wheel, four-wheeled
Galilean, Galilaean
gastric, stomachic
gastric, stomachal
genetic, genetical
genic, genetic
genic, genetical
genial, mental
geometric, geometrical
geothermal, geothermic
graphic, graphical
gravitational, gravitative
hair-shirt, hair-shirted
Hasidic, Hassidic
Hasidic, Chasidic
Hasidic, Chassidic
heliacal, heliac
hematopoietic, haematopoietic
hematopoietic, hemopoietic
hematopoietic, haemopoietic
hematopoietic, hematogenic
hematopoietic, haematogenic
hemorrhagic, haemorrhagic
homonymic, homonymous
homostylous, homostylic
homostylous, homostyled
hexadecimal, hex
hexangular, hexagonal
hieroglyphic, hieroglyphical
hieroglyphic, hieroglyphical
humanist, humanistic
humanist, humane
humanistic, humanist
humanist, humanistic
hydrographic, hydrographical
ideal, idealistic
immunological, immunologic
impressionist, impressionistic
inferential, illative
interlinear, interlineal
nonionic, nonpolar
ischemic, ischaemic
judicial, juridical
judicial, juridic
juridical, juridic
large-capitalization, large-capitalisation
large-capitalization, large-cap
lathery, sudsy
lexicalized, lexicalised
limacine, limacoid
logogrammatic, logographic
lucifugous, lucifugal
sublunar, sublunary
sublunar, cislunar
translunar, translunary
translunar, superlunar
translunar, superlunary
Mandaean, Mandean
Manichaean, Manichean
Manichaean, Manichee
prejudicial, prejudicious
presocratic, pre-Socratic
mercuric, mercurous
miotic, myotic
missionary, missional
Monophysite, Monophysitic
mousy, mousey
myelinated, medullated
neotenic, neotenous
numeral, numerical
numeral, numeric
olfactory, olfactive
oligarchic, oligarchical
one-humped, single-humped
pachydermatous, pachydermal
pachydermatous, pachydermic
pachydermatous, pachydermous
paleontological, palaeontological
palmar, volar
parhelic, parheliacal
monetary, pecuniary
phonological, phonologic
photometric, photometrical
planetal, planetary
planetary, terrestrial
plumbic, plumbous
plutocratic, plutocratical
polydactyl, polydactylous
pompous, ceremonious
positivist, positivistic
positivist, positive
pragmatic, pragmatical
preclinical, presymptomatic
prodromal, prodromic
prostate, prostatic
radiotelephonic, radiophonic
refractive, refractile
Romansh, Rumansh
romantic, romanticist
romantic, romanticistic
ropy, ropey
aquicultural, aquacultural
aquicultural, hydroponic
sacculated, sacculate
sarcolemmic, sarcolemnous
sclerotic, sclerosed
self-aggrandizing, self-aggrandising
semiotic, semiotical
sensational, sensory
sepaloid, sepaline
septal, septate
siliceous, silicious
social, societal
spermous, spermatic
splenic, splenetic
splenic, lienal
splintery, slivery
stannic, stannous
stellar, astral
stenographic, stenographical
sulfurous, sulphurous
supraorbital, supraocular
symbolic, symbolical
syncretic, syncretical
syncretic, syncretistic
syncretic, syncretistical
syncretic, syncretical
syncretic, syncretistic
syncretic, syncretistical
synesthetic, synaesthetic
technical, proficient
technical, technological
tellurian, telluric
tellurian, terrestrial
tellurian, terrene
tendinous, sinewy
thenal, thenar
thermal, thermic
thermal, caloric
thermoelectric, thermoelectrical
titular, titulary
tonic, tonal
topological, topologic
totalitarian, totalistic
two-humped, double-humped
two-wheel, two-wheeled
uniovular, uniovulate
uveal, uveous
vacuolate, vacuolated
vagal, pneumogastric
valetudinarian, valetudinary
variolar, variolic
variolar, variolous
atheist, atheistic
atheist, atheistical
electric, electrical
voltaic, galvanic
photoelectric, photoelectrical
isomorphous, isomorphic
Linnaean, Linnean
atmospheric, atmospherical
amphibious, amphibian
fungal, fungous
fungicidal, antifungal
fungoid, funguslike
vegetative, vegetive
parasitic, parasitical
cyanobacterial, cyanophyte
pentangular, pentagonal
octangular, octagonal
neoclassicist, neoclassicistic
expressionist, expressionistic
postmodernist, postmodern
residual, residuary
bistered, bistred
vulpine, vulpecular
wolflike, wolfish
vulvar, vulval
clitoral, clitoric
spatial, spacial
sigmoid, sigmoidal
bovine, bovid
linguistic, lingual
bridal, nuptial
bridal, spousal
Caucasian, Caucasic
craniometric, craniometrical
conic, conical
conic, conelike
conic, cone-shaped
ciliary, ciliate
ciliary, ciliate
ciliary, cilial
counterterror, counterterrorist
cyprinid, cyprinoid
dietary, dietetic
dietary, dietetical
diluvian, diluvial
antediluvian, antediluvial
fiscal, financial
fiduciary, fiducial
epistemic, epistemological
hemal, haemal
hemal, hematal
hemal, haematal
hemic, haemic
hemic, hematic
hemic, haematic
haemophilic, hemophilic
chylaceous, chylous
chylific, chylifactive
chylific, chylifactory
ichorous, sanious
ictal, ictic
igneous, pyrogenic
igneous, pyrogenous
marital, matrimonial
marital, married
sulphuretted, sulfurized
sulphuretted, sulfuretted
mastoid, mastoidal
saurian, lacertilian
vinous, vinaceous
algebraic, algebraical
biblical, scriptural
polymorphic, polymorphous
polymorphous, polymorphic
polyphonic, polyphonous
pericardial, pericardiac
poetic, poetical
phonetic, phonic
philosophic, philosophical
acronymic, acronymous
apostolic, apostolical
eudemonic, eudaemonic
eukaryotic, eucaryotic
prokaryotic, procaryotic
pectoral, thoracic
pathological, pathologic
pictorial, pictural
objective, accusative
possessive, genitive
nucleated, nucleate
visceral, splanchnic
mystic, mystical
mystic, mystical
carbonaceous, carbonous
carbonaceous, carbonic
carbonaceous, carboniferous
millennial, millennian
millenarian, chiliastic
meteorologic, meteorological
meteorologic, meteoric
mesoblastic, mesodermal
acoustic, acoustical
auditory, audile
auditory, auditive
gustatory, gustative
gustatory, gustatorial
haptic, tactile
haptic, tactual
ocular, optic
ocular, optical
ocular, visual
ocular, optic
ocular, optical
ocular, opthalmic
suborbital, subocular
kinesthetic, kinaesthetic
angelic, angelical
seraphic, seraphical
conjugal, connubial
communist, communistic
Bolshevik, Bolshevist
Bolshevik, Bolshevistic
cutaneous, cutaneal
cutaneous, dermal
dermal, dermic
cuticular, epidermal
cuticular, epidermic
cuticular, dermal
ectodermal, ectodermic
endermic, endermatic
hypodermic, subcutaneous
hypoglycemic, hypoglycaemic
hypovolemic, hypovolaemic
intradermal, intradermic
intradermal, intracutaneous
mandibular, inframaxillary
lacrimal, lachrymal
lacrimal, lachrymal
lacrimatory, lachrymatory
menstrual, catamenial
papal, apostolic
papal, apostolical
papal, pontifical
grammatical, grammatic
syntactic, syntactical
genital, venereal
genitourinary, GU
nephritic, renal
monatomic, monoatomic
coital, copulatory
multiphase, polyphase
nautical, maritime
nautical, marine
oceanic, pelagic
intravenous, endovenous
protozoal, protozoan
protozoal, protozoic
fetal, foetal
doctoral, doctorial
pediatric, paediatric
neural, neuronal
neural, neuronic
bucolic, pastoral
mnemonic, mnemotechnic
mnemonic, mnemotechnical
documentary, documental
anatomic, anatomical
anatomic, anatomical
tectonic, architectonic
organizational, organisational
ecclesiastical, ecclesiastic
priestly, hieratic
priestly, hieratical
priestly, sacerdotal
macrencephalic, macrencephalous
macrocephalic, macrocephalous
microcephalic, microcephalous
microcephalic, nanocephalic
mucous, mucose
mucoid, mucoidal
nervous, neural
geological, geologic
psychogenetic, psychogenic
ecological, ecologic
ecological, bionomical
ecological, bionomic
ecological, ecologic
thermodynamic, thermodynamical
seismological, seismologic
calligraphic, calligraphical
lexicographic, lexicographical
typographic, typographical
necromantic, necromantical
spiritualistic, spiritualist
supernaturalist, supernaturalistic
pharmacological, pharmacologic
toxicological, toxicologic
psychiatric, psychiatrical
oncological, oncologic
psychoanalytical, psychoanalytic
therapeutic, therapeutical
neuroanatomic, neuroanatomical
bacteriological, bacteriologic
endocrine, endocrinal
periodontic, periodontal
dermatologic, dermatological
geriatric, gerontological
gynecological, gynaecological
gynecological, gynecologic
hematologic, haematological
hematologic, hematological
obstetric, obstetrical
neurological, neurologic
spectroscopic, spectroscopical
microscopic, microscopical
insurrectional, insurrectionary
conspiratorial, conspirative
pietistic, pietistical
fascist, fascistic
Roman, Romanic
Roman, R.C.
Roman, Romanist
Roman, romish
Roman, popish
Roman, papist
Roman, papistic
Roman, papistical
Jewish, Judaic
Judaic, Judaical
Muslim, Moslem
Muslim, Islamic
Hindu, Hindi
Hindu, Hindoo
Buddhist, Buddhistic
Shinto, Shintoist
Shinto, Shintoistic
Jain, Jainist
Tantric, Tantrik
Indian, Amerind
Indian, Amerindic
subtropical, subtropic
subtropical, semitropical
subtropical, semitropic
rabbinical, rabbinic
theist, theistical
theist, theistic
deist, deistic
pantheist, pantheistic
mensural, measured
mensural, mensurable
dizygotic, dizygous
lobate, lobated
pneumonic, pulmonary
pneumonic, pulmonic
intestinal, enteric
intestinal, enteral
adjectival, adjective
anapestic, anapaestic
rotatory, revolutionary
epicyclic, epicyclical
expiatory, expiative
expiatory, propitiatory
etiological, etiologic
etiological, aetiological
etiological, aetiologic
etiological, etiologic
etiological, aetiological
etiological, aetiologic
behavioral, behavioural
phenotypical, phenotypic
genotypical, genotypic
phylogenetic, phyletic
trabecular, trabeculate
transdermal, transdermic
transdermal, percutaneous
transdermal, transcutaneous
pedagogical, pedagogic
dualistic, Manichaean
morphologic, morphological
morphologic, structural
geomorphologic, geomorphological
geomorphologic, morphologic
geomorphologic, morphological
geomorphologic, structural
morphologic, morphological
strategic, strategical
circulative, circulatory
euphonic, euphonical
metamorphic, metamorphous
universalistic, universalist
Calvinist, Calvinistic
Calvinist, Calvinistical
fundamentalist, fundamentalistic
Orthodox, Jewish-Orthodox
Congregational, Congregationalist
Episcopal, Episcopalian
Methodist, Wesleyan
Celtic, Gaelic
Teutonic, Germanic
French, Gallic
Portuguese, Lusitanian
Norwegian, Norse
Scandinavian, Norse
Hungarian, Magyar
Czech, Czechoslovakian
Yugoslavian, Yugoslav
Romanian, Rumanian
Romanian, Roumanian
Japanese, Nipponese
Argentine, Argentinian
Asian, Asiatic
Cambodian, Kampuchean
Salvadoran, Salvadorean
Tyrolean, Tyrolese
Nepalese, Nepali
Genoese, Genovese
baroque, Baroque
operculate, operculated
gastrointestinal, GI
gastronomic, gastronomical
epidemiologic, epidemiological
quantal, quantized
Monacan, Monegasque
rhinal, nasal
perinasal, perirhinal
otic, auricular
rheologic, rheological
meteoritic, meteoritical
cometary, cometic
thyroid, thyroidal
catechetical, catechetic
catechistic, catechetic
volumetric, volumetrical
yogistic, yogic
logistic, logistical
organismal, organismic
artifactual, artefactual
serologic, serological
chromatographic, chromatographical
nativist, nativistic
nativist, nativistic
congeneric, congenerical
congeneric, congenerous
medieval, mediaeval
epiphyseal, epiphysial
diaphyseal, diaphysial
aesthetic, esthetic
futuristic, futurist
geodetic, geodesic
geodetic, geodesical
heraldic, heraldist
locomotive, locomotor
marmorean, marmoreal
mesonic, mesic
metric, metrical
palatal, palatine
parabolic, parabolical
semicentennial, semicentenary
centennial, centenary
bicentennial, bicentenary
tricentenary, tricentennial
capitalist, capitalistic
zymotic, zymolytic
holographic, holographical
canonic, canonical
canonic, canonical
nutritional, nutritionary
hydrometric, gravimetric
thermohydrometric, thermogravimetric
Afghani, Afghan
Afghani, Afghanistani
idiomatic, idiomatical
waxen, waxy
iodinated, iodized
iodinated, iodised
dramaturgic, dramaturgical
aneurysmal, aneurismal
aneurysmal, aneurysmatic
aneurysmal, aneurismatic
philatelic, philatelical
hemolytic, haemolytic
atheromatous, atheromatic
coeliac, celiac
pyknotic, pycnotic
papillary, papillose
hypophyseal, hypophysial
microbial, microbic
flagellate, flagellated
flagellate, whiplike
flagellate, lash-like
epic, epical
Hellenic, Hellenistic
Hellenic, Hellenistical
Panhellenic, Pan-Hellenic
Greek, Grecian
Greek, Hellenic
topographical, topographic
taxonomic, taxonomical
taxonomic, systematic
mithraic, mithraistic
utopian, Utopian
patristic, patristical
cubist, cubistic
geographic, geographical
shrubby, fruticose
shrubby, fruticulose
propagandist, propagandistic
isolationist, isolationistic
dialectic, dialectical
Eurasian, Eurasiatic
Moroccan, Maroc
Scots, Scottish
Scots, Scotch
saponaceous, soapy
umbellate, umbellar
Shakespearian, Shakespearean
Aristotelian, Aristotelean
Aristotelian, Aristotelic
Aristotelian, peripatetic
Caesarian, Caesarean
cesarean, cesarian
cesarean, caesarean
cesarean, caesarian
Coleridgian, Coleridgean
Dantean, Dantesque
Donnean, Donnian
Dostoevskian, Dostoyevskian
Goethean, Goethian
Huxleyan, Huxleian
Leibnizian, Leibnitzian
Lincolnesque, Lincolnian
Muhammadan, Mohammedan
Mozartian, Mozartean
eponymous, eponymic
Stravinskyan, Stravinskian
Voltarian, Voltarean
Hebraic, Hebraical
Hebraic, Hebrew
Hebraic, Hebraical
Hebraic, Hebrew
aldermanic, aldermanly
alexic, word-blind
amoebic, amebic
amoebic, amoeban
amoebic, ameban
amoebic, amoebous
amoebic, amebous
anemic, anaemic
anaesthetic, anesthetic
Afrikaans, Afrikaner
prenuptial, premarital
prenuptial, antenuptial
anti-semitic, antisemitic
appellate, appellant
arithmetical, arithmetic
biographic, biographical
bituminoid, bitumenoid
bivalent, divalent
bladdery, bladderlike
blastemal, blastematic
blastemal, blastemic
blastodermatic, blastodermic
blastoporal, blastoporic
blastospheric, blastular
boric, boracic
Burundi, Burundian
casuistic, casuistical
casuistic, casuistical
climatic, climatical
commemorative, commemorating
creaseproof, wrinkleproof
creaseproof, crease-resistant
creaseproof, wrinkle-resistant
creedal, credal
cyclonic, cyclonal
cyclonic, cyclonical
cyclonic, cyclonal
cyclonic, cyclonical
Cyprian, Cypriote
Cyprian, Cypriot
Delphic, Delphian
demagogic, demagogical
empiric, empirical
enteric, enteral
entomological, entomologic
entozoan, endozoan
epizoan, ectozoan
ethnographic, ethnographical
ethnological, ethnologic
euclidian, euclidean
fatalist, fatalistic
faecal, fecal
Filipino, Philippine
genealogic, genealogical
Ghanaian, Ghanese
Ghanaian, Ghanian
gonadotropic, gonadotrophic
Hispanic, Latino
histological, histologic
hiplength, hip-length
homiletic, homiletical
homiletic, homiletical
imperialistic, imperialist
Indo-European, Indo-Aryan
Indo-European, Aryan
Indo-European, Indo-Germanic
Iranian, Persian
Iraqi, Iraki
Jacobinic, Jacobinical
Javanese, Javan
Jesuitical, Jesuitic
Jesuitical, Jesuit
Romance, Latin
Malay, Malayan
Malaysian, Malayan
Mauritanian, Mauritian
metallurgical, metallurgic
Mongol, Mongolian
Moorish, Moresque
Neanderthal, Neanderthalian
Neanderthal, Neandertal
nebular, nebulous
paleolithic, palaeolithic
Nicaean, Nicene
Nigerian, Nigerien
nitrogenous, nitrogen-bearing
azotic, nitric
azotic, nitrous
Olympian, Olympic
indicative, declarative
orthopedic, orthopaedic
orthopedic, orthopedical
paralytic, paralytical
penile, penial
pharmaceutical, pharmaceutic
phosphorous, phosphoric
piscatorial, piscatory
polynomial, multinomial
praetorian, praetorial
praetorian, pretorian
praetorian, pretorial
Carthaginian, Punic
purgatorial, purging
purgatorial, purifying
pyemic, pyaemic
pyroelectric, pyroelectrical
pyrogenic, pyrogenous
pyrogenic, pyrogenetic
pyroligneous, pyrolignic
pyrotechnic, pyrotechnical
Qatari, Katari
quadraphonic, quadriphonic
quadraphonic, quadrasonic
quadraphonic, quadrisonic
quincentennial, quincentenary
Quechuan, Kechuan
recessionary, recessive
redemptive, redemptional
redemptive, redemptory
responsive, antiphonal
rhomboid, rhomboidal
Romany, Romani
Rwandan, Ruandan
sabbatical, sabbatic
satyric, satyrical
Saudi-Arabian, Saudi
saxicolous, saxatile
saxicolous, saxicoline
schismatic, schismatical
schizoid, schizophrenic
Semite, Semitic
Thai, Tai
Thai, Siamese
Thai, Tai
Thai, Siamese
Thai, Tai
Thai, Siamese
Singhalese, Sinhalese
Sinhala, Singhalese
Sinhala, Sinhalese
Slavonic, Slavic
small-capitalization, small-capitalisation
small-capitalization, small-cap
Somalian, Somali
sulphuric, sulfuric
Taiwanese, Chinese
Taiwanese, Formosan
voyeuristic, voyeuristical
Welsh, Cambrian
wheaten, whole-wheat
wheaten, wholemeal
woolen, woollen
Zairean, Zairese
zonal, zonary
philhellenic, philhellene
philhellenic, Graecophile
philhellenic, Graecophilic
axillary, alar
rupestral, rupicolous
shallow-draft, shallow-draught
shamanist, shamanistic
servomechanical, servo
onomatopoeic, onomatopoetic
osseous, osteal
osseous, bony
ossicular, ossiculate
absolutist, absolutistic
acculturational, acculturative
streptococcal, streptococcic
streptococcal, strep
undulatory, undulant
viscometric, viscosimetric
viricidal, virucidal
wedge-shaped, cuneal
wedge-shaped, cuneiform
yeasty, yeastlike
calibrated, graduated
collected, gathered
uncollected, ungathered
hand-held, handheld
hypophysectomized, hypophysectomised
mercerized, mercerised
oxidized, oxidised
pasteurized, pasteurised
unpasteurized, unpasteurised
penciled, pencilled
ridged, carinate
ridged, carinated
ridged, keeled
sanitized, sanitised
sublimed, sublimated
thoriated, tittering
AD, A.D.
CE, C.E.
BC, B.C.
BCE, B.C.E.
horseback, ahorse
horseback, ahorseback
barely, hardly
barely, just
barely, scarcely
barely, scarce
hardly, scarcely
basically, fundamentally
basically, essentially
merely, simply
merely, just
merely, only
merely, but
plainly, simply
vastly, immensely
largely, mostly
smartly, modishly
smartly, sprucely
approximately, about
approximately, some
approximately, roughly
approximately, around
partially, partly
partially, part
wholly, entirely
wholly, completely
wholly, totally
wholly, all
wholly, altogether
wholly, whole
entirely, exclusively
entirely, solely
entirely, alone
entirely, only
absolutely, perfectly
absolutely, utterly
absolutely, dead
clean, plumb
clean, plum
plumb, plum
imperfectly, amiss
fully, full
well, good
ill, badly
ill, poorly
well, easily
ill, badly
well, comfortably
well, advantageously
badly, disadvantageously
well, considerably
well, substantially
well, intimately
okay, O.K.
okay, alright
badly, severely
badly, gravely
badly, seriously
badly, bad
badly, bad
badly, mischievously
badly, naughtily
even, yet
even, still
rather, kinda
quite, rather
always, ever
always, e'er
constantly, always
constantly, forever
constantly, perpetually
constantly, incessantly
constantly, invariably
constantly, always
never, ne'er
equally, as
much, practically
not, non
bloody, damn
bloody, all-fired
anywhere, anyplace
somewhere, someplace
everywhere, everyplace
somehow, someway
somehow, someways
anyhow, anyway
anyhow, anyways
anyhow, anyway
however, nevertheless
however, withal
however, still
however, yet
however, nonetheless
however, notwithstanding
furthermore, moreover
farther, further
further, farther
farthest, furthest
furthest, farthest
very, really
very, real
very, rattling
fabulously, fantastically
fabulously, incredibly
mighty, mightily
mighty, powerful
mighty, right
henceforth, henceforward
instantaneously, outright
instantaneously, instantly
soon, shortly
soon, presently
momentarily, momently
soonest, earliest
stormily, turbulently
stormily, passionately
frequently, often
frequently, oftentimes
frequently, oft
frequently, ofttimes
rarely, seldom
curiously, oddly
curiously, peculiarly
reasonably, moderately
reasonably, pretty
reasonably, jolly
reasonably, somewhat
reasonably, fairly
reasonably, middling
reasonably, passably
unreasonably, immoderately
slightly, somewhat
decidedly, unquestionably
decidedly, emphatically
decidedly, definitely
truly, genuinely
truly, really
indeed, so
naturally, course
obviously, evidently
obviously, manifestly
obviously, patently
obviously, apparently
obviously, plainly
obviously, plain
apparently, seemingly
apparently, ostensibly
fortunately, fortuitously
fortunately, luckily
sadly, unhappily
unfortunately, unluckily
unfortunately, regrettably
unfortunately, alas
therefore, hence
therefore, thence
therefore, thus
therefore, so
thence, therefrom
thence, therefrom
thence, thereof
one-on-one, person-to-person
face-to-face, opposite
extremely, exceedingly
extremely, super
extremely, passing
madly, insanely
madly, deadly
madly, deucedly
madly, devilishly
inordinately, extraordinarily
excessively, overly
excessively, too
besides, too
besides, also
besides, likewise
ultimately, finally
finally, eventually
presently, currently
nowadays, now
nowadays, today
immediately, instantly
immediately, straightaway
immediately, directly
immediately, now
immediately, forthwith
aggressively, sharply
shrilly, piercingly
happily, merrily
happily, mirthfully
happily, gayly
happily, blithely
happily, jubilantly
firm, firmly
firm, steadfastly
firm, unwaveringly
squarely, foursquare
squarely, straightforwardly
squarely, square
squarely, square
squarely, forthrightly
squarely, forthright
directly, straight
directly, direct
squarely, square
variously, diversely
variously, multifariously
indefatigably, tirelessly
indefatigably, inexhaustibly
swiftly, fleetly
presumably, presumptively
terribly, awfully
terribly, awful
terribly, frightfully
terribly, atrociously
terribly, awfully
terribly, abominably
terribly, abysmally
terribly, rottenly
acceptably, tolerably
acceptably, so-so
unacceptably, intolerably
dreadfully, awfully
dreadfully, horribly
thoroughly, exhaustively
thoroughly, soundly
thoroughly, good
right, flop
directly, flat
directly, straight
much, often
increasingly, progressively
previously, antecedently
earlier, before
subsequently, later
subsequently, afterwards
subsequently, afterward
subsequently, after
abruptly, suddenly
abruptly, short
abruptly, dead
intentionally, deliberately
intentionally, designedly
intentionally, purposely
intentionally, advisedly
unintentionally, accidentally
consequently, accordingly
alternatively, instead
punctually, duly
meanwhile, meantime
last, lastly
last, finally
absently, abstractedly
absently, inattentively
absently, absentmindedly
affectingly, poignantly
affectingly, touchingly
ahead, before
ahead, beforehand
ahead, onward
ahead, onwards
ahead, forward
ahead, forwards
ahead, forrader
along, on
alike, likewise
loudly, loud
loudly, aloud
softly, quietly
randomly, indiscriminately
randomly, haphazardly
randomly, willy-nilly
randomly, arbitrarily
about, around
round, around
about, around
about, around
about, around
urgently, desperately
about, almost
about, most
about, nearly
about, near
about, nigh
about, virtually
about, well-nigh
scantily, barely
chiefly, principally
chiefly, primarily
chiefly, mainly
back, backward
back, backward
back, backwards
back, rearward
back, rearwards
forward, forwards
forward, frontward
forward, frontwards
forward, forrad
forward, forrard
ahead, forward
backward, backwards
brilliantly, brightly
brilliantly, bright
dearly, dear
dearly, affectionately
dearly, dear
undoubtedly, doubtless
undoubtedly, doubtlessly
above, supra
below, beneath
contemptuously, disdainfully
contemptuously, scornfully
contemptuously, contumeliously
insanely, crazily
insanely, dementedly
insanely, madly
hebdomadally, weekly
annually, yearly
curiously, inquisitively
curiously, interrogatively
deceptively, deceivingly
deceptively, misleadingly
yonder, yon
dizzily, giddily
dizzily, light-headedly
doubly, double
doubly, twice
particularly, peculiarly
particularly, especially
particularly, specially
elaborately, intricately
facetiously, jokingly
facetiously, tongue-in-cheek
quickly, rapidly
quickly, speedily
quickly, chop-chop
quickly, apace
fast, tight
quicker, faster
quickest, fastest
permissibly, allowably
flatly, categorically
flatly, unconditionally
everlastingly, eternally
everlastingly, forever
everlastingly, evermore
highly, extremely
perilously, hazardously
perilously, dangerously
tiredly, wearily
hard, severely
hard, firmly
momentarily, momently
deplorably, lamentably
deplorably, sadly
deplorably, woefully
amusingly, divertingly
downstairs, below
windward, downwind
leeward, upwind
down, downwards
down, downward
down, downwardly
up, upwards
up, upward
up, upwardly
up, upwards
up, upward
upriver, upstream
downriver, downstream
homeward, homewards
rather, instead
late, belatedly
late, tardily
early, betimes
finely, fine
finely, delicately
finely, exquisitely
first, firstly
first, foremost
second, secondly
third, thirdly
throughout, end-to-end
forth, forward
forth, onward
promptly, readily
promptly, pronto
promptly, quickly
promptly, quick
demoniacally, frenetically
fairly, fair
fairly, evenhandedly
normally, usually
normally, unremarkably
normally, commonly
normally, ordinarily
unusually, remarkably
unusually, outstandingly
unusually, unco
recently, late
recently, lately
recently, latterly
erratically, unpredictably
hereabout, hereabouts
here, hither
there, thither
humbly, meekly
inside, indoors
outside, outdoors
outside, alfresco
inside, within
mutely, wordlessly
mutely, silently
mutely, taciturnly
inevitably, necessarily
inevitably, needs
newly, freshly
newly, fresh
newly, new
afresh, anew
differently, otherwise
mechanically, automatically
painfully, distressingly
preferably, sooner
preferably, rather
together, unitedly
jointly, collectively
jointly, conjointly
outrageously, atrociously
then, so
regardless, irrespective
regardless, disregardless
regardless, disregarding
once, formerly
once, erstwhile
once, erst
systematically, consistently
thus, thusly
thus, so
atypically, untypically
nonverbally, non-verbally
linguistically, lingually
infernally, hellishly
locally, topically
transversely, transversally
respectively, severally
similarly, likewise
probably, likely
probably, belike
appropriately, suitably
appropriately, fittingly
appropriately, befittingly
appropriately, fitly
inappropriately, unsuitably
artificially, unnaturally
chronically, inveterate
wickedly, evilly
surely, certainly
surely, sure
enough, plenty
hesitantly, hesitatingly
thereafter, thenceforth
easily, easy
easy, soft
actually, really
mindfully, heedfully
mindfully, advertently
purportedly, supposedly
illegally, illicitly
illegally, lawlessly
alone, solo
alone, unaccompanied
precisely, exactly
precisely, just
closely, intimately
closely, nearly
relatively, comparatively
predominantly, preponderantly
slowly, slow
slowly, easy
slowly, tardily
publicly, publically
reprovingly, reproachfully
harum-scarum, pell-mell
carelessly, heedlessly
seriously, earnestly
contrarily, contrariwise
bravely, courageously
profoundly, deeply
unsteadily, falteringly
unsteadily, uncertainly
steadily, steady
stupidly, doltishly
uniquely, unambiguously
asymmetrically, unsymmetrically
inversely, reciprocally
heavily, intemperately
heavily, hard
religiously, sacredly
scrupulously, conscientiously
scrupulously, religiously
amply, fully
strictly, purely
loosely, slackly
lightly, softly
lightly, gently
apart, aside
apart, asunder
overseas, abroad
vigorously, smartly
distinctly, clearly
excellently, magnificently
excellently, splendidly
excellently, famously
hilariously, uproariously
wonderfully, wondrous
wonderfully, wondrously
wonderfully, superbly
wonderfully, toppingly
wonderfully, marvellously
wonderfully, terrifically
wonderfully, marvelously
gratifyingly, satisfyingly
gravely, soberly
gravely, staidly
true, admittedly
true, avowedly
true, confessedly
competently, aptly
competently, ably
competently, capably
anxiously, uneasily
anxiously, apprehensively
stiffly, stiff
formally, officially
cozily, cosily
cleverly, smartly
lavishly, richly
lavishly, extravagantly
namely, viz.
namely, videlicet
hyperbolically, exaggeratedly
agilely, nimbly
cf., cf
i.e., ie
sympathetically, empathetically
graciously, gracefully
ungraciously, ungracefully
ungraciously, gracelessly
ungraciously, woodenly
rigidly, stiffly
rigidly, bolt
mistakenly, erroneously
tantalizingly, invitingly
properly, decently
properly, decent
properly, right
enormously, tremendously
enormously, hugely
enormously, staggeringly
liberally, munificently
liberally, generously
handily, conveniently
kinesthetically, kinaesthetically
tactually, haptically
rebelliously, contumaciously
rebelliously, defiantly
stubbornly, pig-headedly
stubbornly, obdurately
stubbornly, mulishly
stubbornly, obstinately
stubbornly, cussedly
fearlessly, dauntlessly
fearlessly, intrepidly
thankfully, gratefully
eagerly, thirstily
viciously, brutally
viciously, savagely
wisely, sagely
foolishly, unwisely
fatuously, inanely
intelligibly, clearly
intelligibly, understandably
unintelligibly, ununderstandably
correctly, right
correctly, aright
incorrectly, wrongly
incorrectly, wrong
justly, right
rightly, justly
rightly, justifiedly
hurriedly, hastily
individually, separately
individually, singly
individually, severally
prominently, conspicuously
inescapably, ineluctably
inescapably, inevitably
inescapably, unavoidably
helplessly, impotently
bewilderingly, confusingly
unashamedly, shamelessly
unashamedly, barefacedly
spectacularly, stunningly
smoothly, swimmingly
humiliatingly, demeaningly
sharply, crisply
dimly, indistinctly
dimly, murkily
determinedly, unfalteringly
determinedly, unshakably
incidentally, accidentally
sporadically, periodically
amazingly, surprisingly
amazingly, astonishingly
impressively, imposingly
productively, fruitfully
productively, profitably
unproductively, fruitlessly
unproductively, unprofitably
abundantly, copiously
abundantly, profusely
abundantly, extravagantly
boringly, tediously
boringly, tiresomely
sanely, sensibly
sanely, reasonably
testily, irritably
testily, petulantly
testily, pettishly
thoughtlessly, unthinkingly
thoughtlessly, unthinking
auspiciously, propitiously
inauspiciously, unpropitiously
relentlessly, unrelentingly
ruefully, contritely
ruefully, remorsefully
politely, courteously
impolitely, discourteously
impolitely, rudely
admirably, laudably
admirably, praiseworthily
admirably, commendable
pleasantly, agreeably
pleasantly, enjoyably
pleasantly, cheerily
pleasantly, sunnily
heartily, cordially
heartily, warmly
affably, amiably
affably, genially
ambiguously, equivocally
unambiguously, unequivocally
ceremonially, ritually
ceremoniously, ceremonially
rakishly, raffishly
rakishly, carelessly
rollickingly, boisterously
broadly, loosely
broadly, generally
behind, behindhand
behind, slow
rightfully, truly
faithfully, dependably
faithfully, reliably
unfaithfully, undependably
unfaithfully, unreliably
securely, firmly
infinitely, endlessly
boundlessly, immeasurably
boundlessly, infinitely
rigorously, strictly
boastfully, vauntingly
boastfully, big
boastfully, large
over, o'er
exultantly, exultingly
ineptly, fecklessly
deliciously, pleasurably
shyly, timidly
shyly, bashfully
fondly, lovingly
quietly, quiet
inwardly, inside
outwardly, externally
favorably, favourably
unfavorably, unfavourably
flawlessly, cleanly
laconically, dryly
laconically, drily
obligingly, accommodatingly
vaguely, mistily
away, off
away, forth
away, out
aside, by
aside, away
aside, away
aside, apart
away, aside
off, away
doggedly, tenaciously
efficiently, expeditiously
discordantly, unharmoniously
winsomely, engagingly
curvaceously, buxomly
wittingly, knowingly
unwittingly, inadvertently
unwittingly, unknowingly
pityingly, compassionately
glibly, slickly
callously, unfeelingly
unjustifiably, inexcusably
overwhelmingly, overpoweringly
overwhelmingly, irresistibly
each, apiece
lopsidedly, crookedly
sternly, severely
authoritatively, magisterially
beautifully, attractively
dourly, sullenly
dourly, glumly
belligerently, hostilely
casually, nonchalantly
compulsively, obsessively
compulsively, obsessionally
north, northerly
north, northwards
north, northward
ferociously, fiercely
just, simply
perversely, contrarily
perversely, contrariwise
peculiarly, particularly
aboard, alongside
between, 'tween
legally, lawfully
half-time, part-time
unilaterally, one-sidedly
chock, chock-a-block
C.O.D., COD
counterclockwise, anticlockwise
foremost, first
fortnightly, biweekly
semiweekly, biweekly
semimonthly, bimonthly
semiannually, biyearly
halfway, midway
hereby, herewith
higgledy-piggledy, topsy-turvy
ibid., ib.
ibid., ibidem
passim, throughout
below, infra
inward, inwards
outward, outwards
knee-deep, knee-high
breast-deep, breast-high
sooner, earlier
skyward, skywards
aesthetically, esthetically
agonizingly, excruciatingly
agonizingly, torturously
ambitiously, determinedly
afield, abroad
offhand, offhanded
offhand, offhandedly
offhand, offhanded
offhand, offhandedly
abjectly, resignedly
abstemiously, temperately
adorably, endearingly
articulately, eloquently
authentically, genuinely
bombastically, grandiosely
turgidly, bombastically
boyishly, boylike
alias, a.k.a.
altruistically, selflessly
appreciatively, gratefully
ungratefully, unappreciatively
awry, amiss
askew, awry
askew, skew-whiff
astutely, shrewdly
astutely, sagaciously
astutely, sapiently
astutely, acutely
across, crosswise
across, crossways
amok, amuck
amok, murderously
amok, amuck
seasonably, timely
seasonably, well-timed
seasonably, apropos
artlessly, ingenuously
artlessly, crudely
artlessly, inexpertly
obliquely, aslant
obliquely, athwart
aft, abaft
aft, astern
fore, forward
astride, astraddle
avariciously, covetously
avariciously, greedily
avowedly, professedly
banefully, perniciously
bang, slap
bang, slapdash
bang, smack
bang, bolt
banteringly, tongue-in-cheek
bareback, barebacked
barefooted, barefoot
benignly, benignantly
beseechingly, importunately
beseechingly, imploringly
beseechingly, pleadingly
beseechingly, entreatingly
bewitchingly, captivatingly
bewitchingly, enchantingly
bewitchingly, enthrallingly
biennially, biyearly
bluffly, bluntly
bluffly, brusquely
bluffly, roundly
bountifully, bounteously
bountifully, plentifully
bountifully, plenteously
breadthwise, breadthways
breadthwise, broadwise
bestially, brutishly
buoyantly, chirpily
cagily, circumspectly
capriciously, freakishly
caustically, vitriolically
cautiously, carefully
incautiously, carelessly
disdainfully, cavalierly
endlessly, ceaselessly
endlessly, incessantly
endlessly, unceasingly
endlessly, unendingly
endlessly, continuously
interminably, endlessly
chastely, virtuously
chattily, volubly
cheaply, inexpensively
cheekily, nervily
cheekily, brashly
gallantly, chivalrously
churlishly, surlily
clannishly, cliquishly
fairly, fair
fairly, clean
clearly, clear
coaxingly, cajolingly
colloquially, conversationally
colloquially, informally
collectedly, composedly
combatively, scrappily
comfortingly, consolingly
compulsorily, obligatorily
compulsorily, mandatorily
conceitedly, self-conceitedly
concisely, briefly
concisely, shortly
succinctly, compactly
cursorily, quickly
criminally, reprehensively
condescendingly, patronizingly
condescendingly, patronisingly
consecutive, sequentially
conservatively, cautiously
conservatively, guardedly
crossly, grouchily
crossly, grumpily
craftily, cunningly
craftily, foxily
craftily, knavishly
craftily, slyly
craftily, trickily
craftily, artfully
consequently, therefore
inconsequentially, inconsequently
coolly, nervelessly
coolly, nonchalantly
incredibly, improbably
incredibly, implausibly
incredibly, unbelievably
credibly, believably
credibly, plausibly
credibly, probably
incredulously, unbelievingly
incredulously, disbelievingly
credulously, believingly
cryptically, enigmatically
cryptically, mysteriously
cunningly, cutely
curtly, short
curtly, shortly
damned, damnably
damned, cursedly
damply, moistly
dazedly, torpidly
decisively, resolutely
densely, thickly
possibly, perchance
possibly, perhaps
possibly, maybe
possibly, mayhap
possibly, peradventure
derisively, scoffingly
derisively, derisorily
derisively, mockingly
despairingly, despondently
devilishly, devilish
contagiously, infectiously
controversially, polemically
coquettishly, flirtatiously
enviously, covetously
enviously, jealously
creakily, creakingly
creakily, screakily
reprehensibly, culpably
currishly, ignobly
daftly, dottily
daftly, balmily
daftly, nuttily
daftly, wackily
deadly, lifelessly
indecorously, unbecomingly
willingly, volitionally
deeply, deep
deep, late
defenseless, defenceless
defenseless, defenselessly
defenseless, defencelessly
offensively, objectionably
offensively, obnoxiously
deferentially, submissively
demonstrably, provably
demonstrably, incontrovertibly
desolately, disconsolately
diabolically, devilishly
diabolically, fiendishly
despitefully, spitefully
detestably, repulsively
detestably, abominably
detestably, odiously
detrimentally, harmfully
detrimentally, noxiously
devoutly, piously
dexterously, dextrously
dexterously, deftly
diagrammatically, graphically
dictatorially, autocratically
dictatorially, magisterially
didactically, pedagogically
dirtily, filthily
disgracefully, ingloriously
disgracefully, ignominiously
disgracefully, discreditably
disgracefully, shamefully
disgracefully, dishonorably
disgracefully, dishonourably
disgustingly, distastefully
disgustingly, revoltingly
disgustingly, sickeningly
honestly, aboveboard
dishonestly, venally
dishonestly, deceitfully
honestly, candidly
honestly, frankly
honorably, honourably
disingenuously, artfully
dismally, dreadfully
dismally, drearily
obediently, yieldingly
disparagingly, slightingly
dispiritedly, hopelessly
proportionately, proportionally
disputatiously, argumentatively
distrustfully, mistrustfully
trustfully, trustingly
trustfully, confidingly
dolefully, sorrowfully
doubtfully, dubiously
dowdily, frumpily
dowdily, frumpishly
dreamily, moonily
dreamily, dreamfully
drowsily, somnolently
dumbly, densely
dumbly, obtusely
westward, westwards
eastward, eastwards
ebulliently, exuberantly
ebulliently, expansively
ecstatically, rapturously
ecstatically, rhapsodically
edgeways, edgewise
edgewise, edgeways
eerily, spookily
efficaciously, effectively
inefficaciously, ineffectively
egotistically, selfishly
eloquently, articulately
ineloquently, inarticulately
endways, endwise
endways, endwise
endways, endwise
erectly, straight-backed
eruditely, learnedly
evenly, equally
unevenly, unequally
evermore, forevermore
excusably, forgivably
excusably, pardonably
inexcusably, unpardonably
inexcusably, unforgivably
exorbitantly, extortionately
exorbitantly, usuriously
expediently, inadvisably
cheaply, tattily
cheaply, inexpensively
extemporaneously, extemporarily
extemporaneously, extempore
extravagantly, lavishly
exuberantly, riotously
faddishly, faddily
faithlessly, traitorously
faithlessly, treacherously
faithlessly, treasonably
faithlessly, false
falsely, incorrectly
fancifully, whimsically
fierily, fervently
fierily, fervidly
flamboyantly, showily
flamboyantly, flashily
flippantly, airily
piano, softly
forte, loudly
foully, insultingly
fourthly, fourth
frenziedly, hectically
frighteningly, scarily
frostily, frigidly
garishly, tawdrily
garishly, gaudily
jeeringly, mockingly
jeeringly, gibingly
gladly, lief
gladly, fain
gleefully, joyously
gleefully, joyfully
piggyback, pickaback
piggyback, pig-a-back
piggyback, pickaback
piggyback, pig-a-back
goddam, goddamn
goddam, goddamned
gorgeously, splendidly
gorgeously, resplendently
gorgeously, magnificently
gratingly, raspingly
gratingly, harshly
gregariously, sociably
grayly, greyly
grotesquely, monstrously
haphazard, haphazardly
roughly, rough
roughly, rough
headlong, headfirst
headlong, rashly
headlong, precipitately
heatedly, hotly
heavenward, heavenwards
heavenward, heavenwardly
heavy, heavily
heinously, monstrously
hereinafter, hereafter
hereinafter, hereunder
hideously, horridly
hideously, monstrously
high, richly
high, luxuriously
questioningly, wonderingly
loose, free
hoarsely, huskily
humorlessly, humourlessly
hungrily, ravenously
hydraulically, hydraulicly
idly, lazily
legibly, decipherably
legibly, readably
illegibly, undecipherably
illegibly, unreadably
illegitimately, illicitly
legitimately, lawfully
legitimately, licitly
morally, virtuously
immorally, amorally
impenitently, unrepentantly
penitently, penitentially
penitently, repentantly
imperatively, peremptorily
imperceptibly, unnoticeably
perceptibly, noticeably
perceptibly, observably
impertinently, saucily
impertinently, pertly
impertinently, freshly
impertinently, impudently
impetuously, impulsively
impishly, puckishly
importantly, significantly
precisely, incisively
precisely, exactly
imprecisely, inexactly
precisely, exactly
prudently, providentially
incomparably, uncomparably
ineffably, indescribably
ineffably, unutterably
ineffably, unspeakably
informatively, instructively
uninformatively, uninstructively
inimitably, unreproducibly
inopportunely, malapropos
inquiringly, enquiringly
insatiably, unsatiably
insatiably, unsatiably
insidiously, perniciously
sincerely, unfeignedly
sincerely, truly
insubstantially, impalpably
intolerantly, illiberally
immaturely, jejunely
jokingly, jestingly
jocosely, jocular
killingly, sidesplittingly
landward, landwards
lasciviously, salaciously
laughably, ridiculously
laughably, ludicrously
laughably, preposterously
laxly, leniently
lengthways, lengthwise
lengthways, longwise
lengthways, longways
lengthways, longitudinally
lento, slowly
lethargically, unenergetically
lewdly, obscenely
licentiously, wantonly
licentiously, promiscuously
longingly, yearningly
lucidly, pellucidly
lucidly, limpidly
lucidly, perspicuously
lukewarmly, tepidly
manfully, manly
unmanfully, unmanly
lightly, light
light-heartedly, lightsomely
lightsomely, trippingly
lingeringly, protractedly
loquaciously, garrulously
loquaciously, talkatively
loquaciously, talkily
lusciously, deliciously
lusciously, scrumptiously
grandiloquently, magniloquently
maternally, motherly
mawkishly, drippily
meagerly, sparingly
meagerly, slenderly
meagerly, meagrely
amply, richly
meanly, humbly
meanly, scurvily
meanly, basely
mellowly, mellow
melodiously, tunefully
memorably, unforgettably
menacingly, threateningly
mendaciously, untruthfully
mercilessly, pitilessly
mercilessly, unmercifully
mercilessly, remorselessly
meretriciously, flashily
messily, untidily
mindlessly, senselessly
amidships, amidship
amidships, midships
minutely, circumstantially
mundanely, terrestrially
mutually, reciprocally
narrow-mindedly, small-mindedly
nastily, meanly
nationally, nationwide
nearer, nigher
nearer, closer
nearest, nighest
nearest, closest
necessarily, needfully
near, nigh
near, close
numbly, insensibly
northeast, north-east
northeast, nor'-east
northwest, north-west
northwest, nor'-west
north-northeast, nor'-nor'-east
north-northwest, nor'-nor'-west
obsequiously, subserviently
obsequiously, servilely
observantly, observingly
obstreperously, loudly
obstreperously, clamorously
obstructively, hinderingly
sumptuously, opulently
ostentatiously, showily
oversea, overseas
painstakingly, fastidiously
pallidly, palely
pallidly, dimly
by, past
pathetically, pitiably
peaceably, pacifically
peevishly, querulously
peevishly, fractiously
penetratingly, penetratively
perplexedly, confoundedly
piercingly, bitterly
piercingly, bitingly
piercingly, bitter
piping, steaming
piquantly, spicily
unrecognizably, unrecognisable
pit-a-pat, pitty-patty
pit-a-pat, pitty-pat
pit-a-pat, pitter-patter
pit-a-pat, pitty-patty
pit-a-pat, pitty-pat
pit-a-pat, pitter-patter
pithily, sententiously
plaguey, plaguy
plaguey, plaguily
plop, plunk
poisonously, venomously
post-free, post-paid
potently, powerfully
powerfully, strongly
practicably, feasibly
pre-eminently, preeminently
precious, preciously
precipitously, sharply
prematurely, untimely
presciently, cannily
preternaturally, supernaturally
primly, prissily
primitively, originally
warmly, warm
wastefully, prodigally
profitlessly, unprofitably
profitlessly, gainlessly
promiscuously, indiscriminately
prosaically, unimaginatively
provocatively, provokingly
prudishly, puritanically
punitively, punitorily
punitively, penally
queerly, fishily
queerly, strangely
queerly, oddly
queerly, funnily
unquestionably, unimpeachably
questionably, dubiously
questioningly, quizzically
restfully, quietly
raggedly, jaggedly
raggedly, stragglingly
raggedly, unevenly
rampantly, wild
raving, ravingly
refreshingly, refreshfully
repellently, repellingly
respectably, creditably
revengefully, vengefully
revengefully, vindictively
reverentially, reverently
roomily, spaciously
sonorously, rotundly
rowdily, raucously
sarcastically, sardonically
sanctimoniously, self-righteously
scathingly, unsparingly
sceptically, skeptically
seaward, seawards
seaward, asea
sedately, calmly
seductively, temptingly
sensually, sultrily
independently, severally
sheer, perpendicularly
short, unawares
sidelong, sideways
sidelong, obliquely
sideward, sidewards
sideways, sideway
sideways, sidewise
sideway, sideways
sideway, sidewise
sideways, sideway
sideways, sidewise
signally, unmistakably
signally, remarkably
pusillanimously, simperingly
single-handed, single-handedly
skillfully, skilfully
sky-high, enthusiastically
slanderously, calumniously
slantingly, slopingly
slantwise, slantways
slam-bang, slap-bang
slapdash, slam-bang
slenderly, slimly
slenderly, slightly
smash, smashingly
smuttily, vulgarly
sneeringly, superciliously
sneeringly, snidely
snobbishly, snootily
snobbishly, uppishly
somberly, sombrely
soaking, sopping
soaking, dripping
sordidly, squalidly
southeast, south-east
southeast, sou'-east
southwest, south-west
southwest, sou'west
south-southeast, sou'-sou'-east
south-southwest, sou'-sou'-west
noiselessly, soundlessly
southerly, southward
southerly, southwards
spasmodically, jerkily
stagily, theatrically
staunchly, stanchly
stickily, viscidly
stingily, cheaply
stingily, chintzily
still, stock-still
thereabout, thereabouts
thereabout, thereabouts
strictly, stringently
stuffily, stodgily
surreptitiously, sneakily
sweetly, sweet
tastefully, tastily
tauntingly, teasingly
telegraphically, tersely
thick, thickly
thinly, lightly
thinly, thin
thickly, thick
timorously, trepidly
tumultuously, riotously
unalterably, unchangeably
unalterably, unassailably
unalterably, immutably
unarguably, undisputedly
unattainably, unachievably
unbeknown, unbeknownst
undesirably, unwantedly
unctuously, smarmily
unctuously, fulsomely
under, below
underarm, underhand
underhandedly, underhand
unimaginably, unthinkably
honorably, uprightly
valiantly, valorously
verbosely, windily
verbosely, long-windedly
verbosely, wordily
vigilantly, watchfully
waist-deep, waist-high
wheezily, wheezingly
wherever, wheresoever
wide, widely
wide, astray
willfully, wilfully
yea, yeah
zestfully, zestily
between, betwixt
irreproachably, blamelessly
conjugally, connubial
corruptly, corruptedly
dingily, grubbily
dingily, grungily
discursively, ramblingly
profligately, dissolutely
in, inwards
in, inward
specially, especially
gently, mildly
sharply, sharp
sharply, acutely
madly, frantically
smolderingly, smoulderingly
close, closely
close, tight
caudally, caudal
measuredly, deliberately
painfully, sorely
better, best
baby-wise, baby-like
coincidentally, coincidently
viscerally, unreasoningly
northeastward, northeastwardly
northwestward, northwestwardly
southeastward, southeastwardly
southwestward, southwestwardly
spaceward, spacewards
breathe, respire
breathe, suspire
burp, bubble
burp, belch
burp, eruct
hiccup, hiccough
sigh, suspire
exhale, expire
exhale, emanate
inhale, inspire
pant, puff
pant, gasp
pant, heave
hack, whoop
puff, huff
puff, chuff
sniff, sniffle
blink, wink
blink, nictitate
blink, nictate
bat, flutter
wink, blink
squint, squinch
shed, molt
shed, exuviate
shed, moult
shed, slough
twitch, jerk
act, behave
act, do
vulgarize, vulgarise
optimize, optimise
swagger, bluster
swagger, swash
sentimentalise, sentimentalize
sentimentalise, sentimentize
sentimentalise, sentimentise
play, toy
act, play
shake, didder
shiver, shudder
sleep, kip
sleep, slumber
snooze, drowse
snooze, doze
nap, catnap
estivate, aestivate
doss, crash
awaken, wake
awaken, waken
awaken, rouse
awaken, arouse
hypnotize, hypnotise
hypnotize, mesmerize
hypnotize, mesmerise
entrance, spellbind
anesthetize, anaesthetize
anesthetize, anesthetise
anesthetize, anaesthetise
etherize, etherise
cocainize, cocainise
sedate, calm
sedate, tranquilize
sedate, tranquillize
sedate, tranquillise
stimulate, arouse
stimulate, brace
stimulate, energize
stimulate, energise
de-energize, de-energise
faint, conk
faint, swoon
animate, recreate
animate, reanimate
animate, revive
animate, renovate
animate, repair
animate, quicken
animate, vivify
animate, revivify
refresh, freshen
refresh, refreshen
freshen, refresh
freshen, refreshen
tense, strain
relax, unstrain
relax, unlax
relax, unwind
relax, unbend
relax, unwind
relax, decompress
stretch, extend
exsert, extend
invigorate, reinvigorate
smirk, simper
roar, howl
snicker, snigger
giggle, titter
chuckle, chortle
frown, glower
frown, lour
frown, lower
glower, glare
clap, spat
pout, mop
pout, mow
cleanse, clean
wash, lave
soap, lather
gargle, rinse
epilate, depilate
bathe, bath
comb, disentangle
dress, arrange
dress, set
dress, do
dress, coif
dress, coiffe
dress, coiffure
gauffer, goffer
mousse, gel
tease, fluff
groom, neaten
perfume, scent
preen, primp
preen, plume
preen, dress
overdress, prink
overdress, attire
bedizen, dizen
dress, groom
dress, curry
reduce, slim
reduce, slenderize
reduce, thin
wear, bear
dress, clothe
dress, enclothe
dress, garb
dress, raiment
dress, tog
dress, garment
dress, habilitate
dress, apparel
overdress, overclothe
undress, discase
undress, uncase
undress, unclothe
undress, strip
undress, disrobe
undress, peel
wear, don
wear, assume
vest, robe
inseminate, fecundate
inseminate, fertilize
inseminate, fertilise
cross-fertilize, cross-fertilise
cross-fertilize, cross-fertilise
pollinate, pollenate
pollinate, cross-pollinate
beget, get
beget, engender
beget, father
beget, mother
beget, sire
beget, generate
reproduce, procreate
reproduce, multiply
fructify, set
breed, multiply
labor, labour
whelp, pup
farrow, pig
brood, hatch
brood, cover
brood, incubate
alter, neuter
alter, spay
alter, castrate
defeminize, defeminise
emasculate, castrate
emasculate, demasculinize
emasculate, demasculinise
caponize, caponise
geld, cut
vasectomize, vasectomise
sterilize, sterilise
sterilize, desex
sterilize, unsex
sterilize, desexualize
sterilize, desexualise
sterilize, fix
face-lift, lift
menstruate, flow
sterilize, sterilise
relieve, alleviate
relieve, palliate
relieve, assuage
suffer, hurt
suffer, sustain
suffer, have
suffer, get
wail, whimper
wail, mewl
wail, pule
cry, weep
snivel, sniffle
snivel, blubber
snivel, blub
snivel, snuffle
sweat, sudate
sweat, perspire
exude, exudate
exude, transude
exude, ooze
distill, distil
reek, fume
secrete, release
injure, wound
trouble, ail
trouble, pain
torture, excruciate
torture, torment
martyr, martyrize
martyr, martyrise
pull, overstretch
make, urinate
make, piddle
make, puddle
make, micturate
make, piss
make, pee
make, pee-pee
make, wee
make, wee-wee
excrete, egest
excrete, eliminate
excrete, pass
evacuate, void
evacuate, empty
stool, defecate
stool, shit
stool, ca-ca
stool, crap
stool, make
constipate, bind
tire, wear
tire, weary
tire, jade
tire, outwear
tire, fag
tire, fatigue
exhaust, beat
exhaust, tucker
overtire, overweary
overtire, overfatigue
tire, pall
tire, weary
tire, fatigue
tire, jade
vomit, purge
vomit, cast
vomit, sick
vomit, cat
vomit, disgorge
vomit, regorge
vomit, retch
vomit, puke
vomit, barf
vomit, spew
vomit, spue
vomit, chuck
vomit, upchuck
vomit, honk
vomit, regurgitate
spew, eruct
gag, heave
gag, retch
gag, choke
gag, choke
gag, strangle
gag, suffocate
choke, strangle
detox, detoxify
iodize, iodise
administer, dispense
help, aid
comfort, ease
remedy, relieve
poultice, plaster
medicate, medicine
drug, dose
overdose, o.d.
narcotize, narcotise
anoint, inunct
anoint, oil
anoint, anele
anoint, embrocate
bleed, leech
bleed, phlebotomize
bleed, phlebotomise
inject, shoot
immunize, immunise
immunize, inoculate
immunize, vaccinate
cup, transfuse
contract, take
contract, get
infect, taint
traumatize, traumatise
traumatize, shock
galvanize, galvanise
mutilate, mar
twist, sprain
twist, wrench
twist, turn
twist, wrick
twist, rick
cripple, lame
disable, invalid
disable, incapacitate
disable, handicap
devolve, deteriorate
devolve, drop
devolve, degenerate
recuperate, recover
recuperate, convalesce
relapse, lapse
relapse, recidivate
relapse, regress
relapse, retrogress
languish, fade
waste, rot
fledge, feather
grow, develop
grow, produce
grow, get
grow, acquire
sprout, stock
stool, tiller
ankylose, ancylose
ankylose, ancylose
fester, maturate
fester, suppurate
suppurate, mature
necrose, gangrene
necrose, mortify
necrose, sphacelate
regenerate, revitalize
resuscitate, revive
boot, reboot
resurrect, raise
resurrect, upraise
resurrect, rise
resurrect, uprise
exercise, work
tone, strengthen
snuffle, snivel
spit, ptyalize
spit, ptyalise
spit, spew
spit, spue
splutter, sputter
drivel, drool
drivel, slabber
drivel, slaver
drivel, slobber
drivel, dribble
blush, crimson
blush, flush
blush, redden
pale, blanch
pale, blench
tan, bronze
sun, sunbathe
sunburn, burn
generalize, generalise
metastasize, metastasise
exhaust, discharge
exhaust, expel
exhaust, eject
exhaust, release
emit, breathe
joke, jest
clown, antic
fracture, break
brutalize, brutalise
brutalize, animalize
brutalize, animalise
brutalize, brutalise
brutalize, animalize
brutalize, animalise
caramelize, caramelise
caramelize, caramelise
verbalize, verbalise
novelize, novelise
novelize, fictionalize
novelize, fictionalise
opalize, opalise
opalize, opalise
stay, remain
stay, rest
speciate, differentiate
speciate, specialize
speciate, specialise
arterialize, arterialise
make, get
get, let
get, have
have, experience
alternate, jump
interchange, tack
interchange, switch
interchange, alternate
interchange, flip
interchange, flip-flop
counterchange, transpose
counterchange, interchange
vascularize, vascularise
suburbanize, suburbanise
suburbanize, suburbanise
change, alter
change, vary
avianize, avianise
optimize, optimise
glaze, glass
revolutionize, revolutionise
revolutionize, overturn
turn, grow
change, alter
change, modify
sensualize, sensualise
sensualize, carnalize
sensualize, carnalise
barbarize, barbarise
barbarize, barbarise
alkalinize, alkalinise
alkalinize, alkalinise
mythologize, mythologise
mythologize, mythicize
mythologize, mythicise
allegorize, allegorise
demythologize, demythologise
bring, land
secularize, secularise
rubberize, rubberise
rubberize, rubber
anodize, anodise
affect, impact
affect, touch
bacterize, bacterise
alchemize, alchemise
alcoholize, alcoholise
alcoholize, alcoholise
granulate, grain
shape, form
crystallize, crystallise
crystallize, crystalise
crystallize, crystalize
granulate, grain
conglobate, conglobe
scallop, scollop
become, go
become, get
adjust, conform
adjust, adapt
readjust, readapt
decrease, diminish
decrease, lessen
decrease, fall
shrink, shrivel
vanish, fly
vanish, vaporize
extend, stretch
rise, climb
rise, jump
gain, gather
explode, irrupt
advance, gain
accumulate, cumulate
accumulate, conglomerate
accumulate, gather
accumulate, amass
detribalize, detribalise
change, exchange
change, commute
change, convert
commute, convert
commute, exchange
capitalize, capitalise
overcapitalize, overcapitalise
refurbish, renovate
retread, remold
retread, remould
renovate, restitute
refresh, freshen
revitalize, revitalise
vitalize, vitalise
vitalize, vitalise
ruggedize, ruggedise
child-proof, childproof
goofproof, goof-proof
goofproof, foolproof
devitalize, devitalise
reincarnate, renew
regenerate, restore
regenerate, rejuvenate
revive, resurrect
modify, qualify
optimize, optimise
deprive, impoverish
choke, throttle
remove, take
remove, withdraw
strip, undress
strip, divest
strip, disinvest
clean, pick
pit, stone
scavenge, clean
hypophysectomize, hypophysectomise
husk, shell
bur, burr
unclutter, clear
clog, overload
iodize, iodise
oxygenate, oxygenize
oxygenate, oxygenise
oxygenate, aerate
mercerize, mercerise
fluoridate, fluoridize
fluoridate, fluoridise
bromate, brominate
insert, enclose
insert, inclose
insert, introduce
catheterize, catheterise
intersperse, interlard
punctuate, mark
activate, aerate
inactivate, deactivate
deaden, blunt
enliven, liven
enliven, invigorate
enliven, animate
spirit, inspirit
compound, combine
totalize, totalise
strip, dismantle
denude, bare
denude, denudate
denude, strip
deforest, disforest
deforest, disafforest
bone, debone
disembowel, eviscerate
disembowel, draw
tusk, detusk
relieve, lighten
qualify, restrict
remodel, reconstruct
remodel, redo
correct, rectify
correct, right
rectify, remediate
rectify, remedy
rectify, repair
rectify, amend
edit, redact
edit, blue-pencil
edit, delete
bowdlerize, bowdlerise
bowdlerize, expurgate
bowdlerize, castrate
bowdlerize, shorten
interpolate, alter
interpolate, falsify
edit, cut
tame, chasten
tame, subdue
chasten, moderate
chasten, temper
corrupt, spoil
pervert, misuse
pervert, abuse
worsen, decline
lapse, backslide
suffer, lose
better, improve
better, ameliorate
better, meliorate
brisk, brisken
better, improve
better, amend
better, ameliorate
better, meliorate
degrade, cheapen
worsen, aggravate
worsen, exacerbate
worsen, exasperate
decay, crumble
decay, dilapidate
decompose, rot
decompose, molder
decompose, moulder
mold, mildew
exsiccate, dehydrate
exsiccate, desiccate
dehydrate, desiccate
lyophilize, lyophilise
preserve, keep
dehydrate, desiccate
marinade, marinate
can, tin
slack, slake
humidify, moisturize
humidify, moisturise
drench, douse
drench, dowse
drench, soak
drench, sop
drench, souse
bedraggle, draggle
lave, lap
lave, wash
inundate, deluge
inundate, submerge
moisten, wash
moisten, dampen
parch, sear
strengthen, fortify
spike, lace
spike, fortify
reinforce, reenforce
melt, disappear
melt, evaporate
fade, melt
cripple, stultify
dilute, thin
dilute, reduce
dilute, cut
rarefy, attenuate
intensify, deepen
intensify, compound
intensify, heighten
intensify, deepen
water, irrigate
sprinkle, sparge
sprinkle, besprinkle
distill, distil
distill, extract
distill, distil
enhance, heighten
enhance, raise
subside, lessen
reduce, tighten
restrict, restrain
restrict, trammel
restrict, limit
restrict, bound
restrict, confine
restrict, throttle
rule, harness
rule, rein
baffle, regulate
carry, extend
limit, circumscribe
limit, confine
hamper, halter
hamper, cramp
hamper, strangle
restrict, curtail
restrict, curb
reduce, concentrate
deoxidize, deoxidise
deoxidize, reduce
catabolize, catabolise
oxidize, oxidise
oxidize, oxidate
oxidise, oxidize
oxidise, oxidate
shrink, contract
shrink, reduce
miniaturize, miniaturise
shrivel, shrink
shrivel, wither
unite, unify
unite, merge
abridge, foreshorten
abridge, abbreviate
abridge, shorten
abridge, cut
abridge, contract
abridge, reduce
encapsulate, capsule
encapsulate, capsulize
encapsulate, capsulise
digest, condense
digest, concentrate
abate, slack
slake, abate
slake, slack
double, duplicate
triple, treble
multiply, manifold
senesce, age
senesce, mature
senesce, maturate
progress, advance
regress, retrograde
regress, retrogress
fossilize, fossilise
ripen, mature
mature, maturate
mature, grow
derive, educe
antique, antiquate
mellow, melt
encrust, incrust
balloon, inflate
balloon, billow
bulge, bulk
swell, intumesce
swell, tumefy
swell, tumesce
afflict, smite
hurt, injure
repair, mend
repair, fix
repair, bushel
repair, doctor
repair, restore
tinker, fiddle
piece, patch
point, repoint
overhaul, modernize
overhaul, modernise
trouble-shoot, troubleshoot
flaw, blemish
bulge, pouch
bulge, protrude
inflate, expand
inflate, amplify
acidify, acetify
alkalize, alkalise
alkalize, alkalify
alkalize, basify
polymerize, polymerise
copolymerize, copolymerise
polymerize, polymerise
ionize, ionise
ionize, ionise
catalyze, catalyse
paralyze, paralyse
paralyze, paralyse
stun, stupefy
immobilize, immobilise
freeze, block
freeze, immobilize
freeze, immobilise
unblock, unfreeze
unblock, free
unblock, release
immobilize, immobilise
mobilize, mobilise
mobilize, circulate
mobilize, mobilise
mobilize, marshal
mobilize, summon
mend, heal
stabilize, stabilise
destabilize, destabilise
stabilize, stabilise
destabilize, destabilise
sensitize, sensitise
sensitize, sensify
sensitize, sensibilize
sensitize, sensibilise
desensitize, desensitise
inure, harden
inure, indurate
callous, cauterize
callous, cauterise
habituate, accustom
corrode, rust
corrode, eat
corrode, rust
erode, fret
erode, gnaw
regularize, regularise
tidy, neaten
tidy, straighten
disorder, disarray
perturb, derange
predate, antedate
predate, foredate
chronologize, chronologise
randomize, randomise
serialize, serialise
alphabetize, alphabetise
bleach, decolor
bleach, decolour
bleach, decolorize
bleach, decolourize
bleach, decolorise
bleach, decolourise
bleach, discolorize
bleach, discolourise
bleach, discolorise
whiten, white
blacken, melanize
blacken, melanise
blacken, nigrify
blacken, black
melanize, melanise
discolor, discolour
discolor, colour
discolor, color
impress, yarn-dye
color, colorize
color, colorise
color, colourise
color, colourize
color, colour
motley, parti-color
polychrome, polychromize
polychrome, polychromise
purple, empurple
purple, purpurate
embrown, brown
handcolor, handcolour
ebonize, ebonise
tint, tinct
tint, tinge
tint, touch
imbue, hue
grey, gray
grey, gray
escalate, intensify
de-escalate, weaken
irradiate, ray
light, illume
light, illumine
light, illuminate
mutilate, mangle
clip, curtail
fancify, beautify
fancify, embellish
fancify, prettify
blossom, unfold
bloom, blossom
bloom, flower
temper, season
temper, mollify
season, harden
calibrate, graduate
calibrate, fine-tune
adjust, set
adjust, correct
readjust, reset
gear, pitch
regulate, modulate
adapt, accommodate
anglicise, anglicize
qualify, dispose
disqualify, unfit
disqualify, indispose
tailor, orient
domesticate, tame
domesticate, domesticize
domesticate, domesticise
domesticate, reclaim
domesticate, tame
domesticate, cultivate
domesticate, naturalize
domesticate, naturalise
domesticate, tame
fine-tune, tweak
temper, harden
anneal, temper
anneal, normalize
constrict, constringe
constrict, narrow
narrow, contract
dilate, distend
explode, burst
detonate, explode
explode, detonate
erupt, belch
erupt, extravasate
erupt, irrupt
erupt, flare
oxygenize, oxygenise
oxygenize, oxygenise
erupt, recrudesce
burst, split
boom, thrive
boom, flourish
boom, expand
blur, dim
blur, slur
obliterate, efface
blind, dim
brighten, lighten
blur, blear
obscure, bedim
obscure, overcloud
benight, bedim
obscure, obliterate
obscure, veil
obscure, hide
focus, focalize
focus, focalise
focus, sharpen
focus, focalize
focus, focalise
depreciate, undervalue
depreciate, devaluate
depreciate, devalue
appreciate, apprize
appreciate, apprise
appreciate, apprize
appreciate, apprise
appreciate, revalue
prolong, protract
prolong, extend
temporize, temporise
elongate, stretch
tree, shoetree
farce, stuff
pad, bolster
microwave, micro-cook
microwave, zap
microwave, nuke
crispen, toast
crispen, crisp
blanch, parboil
seethe, roll
barbeque, barbecue
slenderize, slenderise
french-fry, deep-fry
steep, infuse
branch, ramify
branch, fork
branch, furcate
branch, separate
ramify, branch
arborize, arborise
atomize, atomise
dialyse, dialyze
peptize, peptise
grind, mash
grind, crunch
grind, bray
grind, comminute
powderize, powderise
powderize, powder
powderize, pulverize
powderize, pulverise
powderize, pulverize
powderize, pulverise
powderize, powderise
run, unravel
partition, zone
burst, bust
break, separate
ladder, run
smash, dash
crack, check
crack, break
check, chink
snap, crack
splinter, sliver
dissolve, dismiss
break, recrudesce
break, develop
happen, hap
happen, occur
happen, pass
proceed, go
fall, descend
fall, settle
recur, repeat
happen, materialize
happen, materialise
dematerialize, dematerialise
happen, befall
happen, bechance
befall, bechance
befall, betide
concur, coincide
plunge, launch
embark, enter
begin, start
begin, commence
jumpstart, jump-start
inaugurate, introduce
resume, restart
resume, re-start
persevere, persist
end, terminate
lift, raise
ax, axe
stem, stanch
stem, staunch
stem, halt
heave, buckle
heave, warp
shoot, spud
shoot, germinate
shoot, pullulate
shoot, bourgeon
shoot, sprout
die, decease
die, perish
die, go
die, exit
die, expire
die, pass
die, conk
die, choke
die, croak
suffocate, stifle
suffocate, asphyxiate
demist, defog
curl, curve
curl, kink
break, discontinue
break, stop
freeze, suspend
interrupt, break
adjourn, recess
pasteurize, pasteurise
condense, distill
condense, distil
condense, concentrate
condense, contract
sublime, sublimate
sublime, sublimate
evaporate, vaporize
evaporate, vaporise
unify, unite
unify, merge
unitize, unitise
clog, clot
syncretize, syncretise
federate, federalize
federate, federalise
federate, federalize
federate, federalise
carbonize, carbonise
cool, chill
cool, chill
carbonize, carbonise
carbonize, carburize
carbonize, carburise
cauterize, cauterise
cauterize, burn
quick-freeze, flash-freeze
dissolve, thaw
dissolve, unfreeze
dissolve, unthaw
dissolve, dethaw
dissolve, melt
defrost, deice
defrost, de-ice
burn, combust
smolder, smoulder
sear, scorch
burn, incinerate
singe, swinge
burn, fire
char, blacken
char, sear
char, scorch
blister, vesicate
switch, shift
permute, commute
permute, transpose
map, represent
metricize, metricise
metricize, metrify
metricize, metricate
transform, transmute
transform, metamorphose
transform, transmute
transform, transubstantiate
sorcerize, sorcerise
translate, transform
metricize, metricise
metamorphose, transfigure
metamorphose, transmogrify
reform, reclaim
reform, regenerate
reform, rectify
moralize, moralise
Islamize, Islamise
Christianize, Christianise
Islamize, Islamise
evangelize, evangelise
catholicize, catholicise
catholicize, latinize
catholicize, latinise
invert, reverse
revert, return
revert, retrovert
revert, regress
customize, customise
personalize, personalise
personalize, individualize
personalize, individualise
depersonalize, depersonalise
depersonalize, objectify
harry, ravage
waste, emaciate
waste, macerate
enfeeble, debilitate
enfeeble, drain
dampen, damp
dampen, soften
dampen, weaken
dampen, break
dampen, deaden
dampen, damp
stifle, dampen
suffocate, choke
suffocate, choke
sharpen, heighten
subtilize, subtilise
sharpen, taper
sharpen, point
flatten, drop
acclimatize, acclimatise
acclimatize, acclimate
synchronize, synchronise
synchronize, sync
desynchronize, desynchronise
blend, flux
blend, mix
blend, conflate
blend, commingle
blend, immix
blend, fuse
blend, coalesce
blend, meld
blend, combine
blend, merge
melt, meld
disintegrate, decay
disintegrate, decompose
magnetize, magnetise
demagnetize, demagnetise
demagnetize, degauss
complicate, refine
complicate, rarify
complicate, elaborate
complexify, ramify
complicate, perplex
snarl, embrangle
pressurize, pressurise
pressurize, pressurise
supercharge, pressurize
supercharge, pressurise
depressurize, depressurise
depressurize, decompress
restructure, reconstitute
organize, organise
organize, coordinate
interlock, mesh
centralize, centralise
centralize, concentrate
decentralize, deconcentrate
decentralize, decentralise
socialize, socialise
socialize, socialise
fix, prepare
fix, ready
fix, set
rig, set
winterize, winterise
summerize, summerise
communize, communise
internationalize, internationalise
communize, communise
communize, bolshevize
communize, bolshevise
Americanize, Americanise
Europeanize, Europeanise
Europeanize, Europeanise
bestialize, bestialise
Americanize, Americanise
modernize, modernise
modernize, develop
civilize, civilise
nationalize, nationalise
denationalize, denationalise
privatize, privatise
naturalize, naturalise
denaturalize, denaturalise
naturalize, naturalise
denaturalize, denaturalise
naturalize, naturalise
settle, locate
colonize, colonise
settle, root
steady, calm
steady, becalm
equal, match
equal, equalize
equal, equalise
equal, equate
homologize, homologise
rigidify, ossify
rigidify, petrify
stiffen, tighten
stiffen, constrain
loosen, relax
loosen, loose
loosen, loose
relax, unbend
tighten, fasten
tauten, firm
tauten, firm
transitivize, transitivise
detransitivize, detransitivise
detransitivize, intransitivize
detransitivize, intransitivise
slacken, remit
douse, dowse
absent, remove
evanesce, fade
evanesce, fleet
evanesce, pass
fade, wither
reappear, re-emerge
disappear, vanish
vanish, disappear
minimize, minimise
maximize, maximise
maximize, maximise
reduce, trim
reduce, cut
thicken, inspissate
thicken, inspissate
thicken, inspissate
decline, wane
heighten, rise
slump, sink
wax, mount
wax, climb
wax, rise
wax, full
magnify, amplify
fail, die
fail, go
fail, break
unfurl, unroll
diversify, broaden
diversify, radiate
vary, variegate
vary, motley
checker, chequer
specialize, specialise
specialize, narrow
specialize, specialise
overspecialize, overspecialise
accelerate, speed
accelerate, quicken
accelerate, speed
decelerate, slow
decelerate, retard
check, retard
check, delay
slow, slack
slow, slacken
clog, constipate
slack, slacken
slack, relax
decrease, lessen
decrease, minify
diminish, belittle
quicken, invigorate
gasify, vaporize
gasify, vaporise
gasify, aerify
jell, set
jell, congeal
harden, indurate
harden, indurate
crystallize, crystalize
crystallize, crystalise
crystallize, effloresce
liquefy, flux
liquefy, liquify
liquefy, liquify
liquefy, liquidize
liquefy, liquidise
melt, run
try, render
crystallize, crystallise
crystallize, crystalize
crystallize, crystalise
dissolve, resolve
invalidate, void
invalidate, vitiate
empty, discharge
replenish, refill
suffuse, perfuse
sluice, flush
flush, scour
flush, purge
soak, imbue
match, fit
homogenize, homogenise
homogenize, homogenise
homogenize, homogenise
curdle, clabber
curdle, clot
clot, coagulate
clot, coagulate
sour, turn
sour, ferment
sour, work
ferment, work
rush, hurry
rush, hasten
rush, hurry
rush, festinate
delay, detain
stay, detain
stay, delay
hush, quieten
hush, silence
hush, still
suppress, inhibit
suppress, subdue
suppress, conquer
suppress, curb
squelch, quell
squelch, quench
steamroll, steamroller
align, aline
align, adjust
synchronize, synchronise
synchronize, synchronise
realign, realine
dislocate, luxate
dislocate, splay
dislocate, slip
align, ordinate
align, coordinate
integrate, incorporate
standardize, standardise
normalize, normalise
normalize, renormalize
normalize, renormalise
normalize, normalise
wilt, droop
neutralize, neutralise
neutralize, neutralise
neutralize, nullify
neutralize, negate
commercialize, commercialise
commercialize, market
eliminate, annihilate
eliminate, extinguish
eliminate, eradicate
eliminate, decimate
extinguish, eliminate
sparkle, scintillate
sparkle, coruscate
cut, prune
cut, rationalize
cut, rationalise
perfect, hone
polish, round
polish, refine
polish, fine-tune
polish, down
overrefine, over-refine
refine, rectify
purify, sublimate
purify, distill
purify, purge
purify, sanctify
spiritualize, spiritualise
deform, distort
deform, strain
mar, impair
mar, spoil
mar, deflower
mar, vitiate
kill, obliterate
massacre, slaughter
mechanize, mechanise
dehumanize, dehumanise
automatize, automatise
automatize, automate
automatize, automatise
semi-automatize, semi-automatise
mechanize, mechanise
mechanize, mechanise
mechanize, motorize
mechanize, motorise
systematize, systematise
systematize, systemize
systematize, systemise
finalize, finalise
finalize, settle
harmonize, harmonise
harmonize, chord
harmonize, harmonise
harmonize, reconcile
accommodate, reconcile
accommodate, conciliate
harmonize, harmonise
compartmentalize, compartmentalise
complete, finish
culminate, climax
crown, top
fixate, fix
polarize, polarise
polarize, polarise
polarize, polarise
load, adulterate
load, stretch
load, dilute
load, debase
sophisticate, doctor
leach, strip
vent, ventilate
vent, air
linearize, linearise
quantify, measure
pace, step
clock, time
fathom, sound
foul, befoul
foul, defile
foul, maculate
pollute, foul
pollute, contaminate
debase, alloy
devalue, devaluate
demonetize, demonetise
isolate, insulate
ghettoize, ghettoise
sequester, sequestrate
sequester, isolate
seclude, sequester
seclude, sequestrate
seclude, withdraw
boost, advance
boost, supercharge
impregnate, saturate
imbrue, drench
impregnate, infuse
impregnate, instill
impregnate, tincture
urbanize, urbanise
urbanize, urbanise
industrialize, industrialise
fertilize, fertilise
fertilize, feed
stimulate, excite
pinch, vellicate
fertilize, fecundate
fertilize, fertilise
federalize, federalise
nitrify, nitrogenize
nitrify, nitrogenise
detoxify, detoxicate
electrify, wire
jellify, jelly
lapidify, petrify
fossilize, fossilise
stigmatize, stigmatise
mottle, dapple
mottle, cloud
star, asterisk
froth, spume
froth, suds
disable, disenable
disable, incapacitate
background, downplay
foreground, highlight
foreground, spotlight
de-emphasize, de-emphasise
de-emphasize, destress
tender, tenderize
tender, tenderise
process, treat
sulphur, sulfur
vulcanize, vulcanise
bituminize, bituminise
Agenize, Agenise
facilitate, ease
facilitate, alleviate
foam, froth
foam, fizz
foam, effervesce
foam, sparkle
interrupt, disturb
interrupt, disrupt
diagonalize, diagonalise
archaize, archaise
receive, get
receive, find
receive, obtain
receive, incur
officialize, officialise
marbleize, marbleise
occidentalize, occidentalise
occidentalize, westernize
occidentalize, westernise
orientalize, orientalise
acetylate, acetylize
acetylate, acetylise
acetylate, acetylize
acetylate, acetylise
achromatize, achromatise
assume, acquire
assume, adopt
assume, take
parallel, collimate
ritualize, ritualise
bromate, brominate
classicize, classicise
closure, cloture
conventionalize, conventionalise
recover, recuperate
rally, rebound
issue, emerge
issue, egress
decarbonize, decarbonise
decarbonize, decarburize
decarbonize, decarburise
decarbonize, decoke
decimalize, decimalise
decimalize, decimalise
depopulate, desolate
lower, lour
desalinate, desalt
desalinate, desalinize
desalinate, desalinise
poison, envenom
exteriorize, exteriorise
exteriorize, externalize
exteriorize, externalise
exteriorize, objectify
glamorize, glamourise
glamorize, glamourize
glamorize, glamorise
sentimentalize, sentimentalise
sole, resole
vamp, revamp
heel, reheel
laicize, laicise
politicize, politicise
romanticize, romanticise
shallow, shoal
shallow, shoal
vulcanize, vulcanise
pall, dull
die, pall
move, go
move, run
widen, broaden
widen, extend
territorialize, territorialise
globalize, globalise
extend, expand
emasculate, castrate
develop, grow
broil, bake
lift, raise
lift, elevate
develop, acquire
develop, evolve
white-out, whiteout
dinge, batter
demonize, demonise
devilize, devilise
devilize, diabolize
devilize, diabolise
etherealize, etherialise
immaterialize, immaterialise
immaterialize, unsubstantialize
immaterialize, unsubstantialise
animize, animise
animize, animate
mangle, mutilate
mangle, murder
raise, lift
switch, shift
switch, change
deepen, change
surf, channel-surf
dynamize, dynamise
dynamize, dynamise
concretize, concretise
rarefy, sublimate
rarefy, subtilize
volatilize, volatilise
uniformize, uniformise
symmetrize, symmetrise
immortalize, immortalise
immortalize, eternize
immortalize, eternise
immortalize, eternalize
immortalize, eternalise
commute, transpose
syncretize, syncretise
sanitize, sanitise
transfer, transpose
transfer, transplant
excite, energize
excite, energise
leap, jump
format, initialize
format, initialise
digitize, digitise
digitize, digitalize
digitize, digitalise
hydrolyze, hydrolyse
hydrolize, hydrolise
rumple, crumple
rumple, wrinkle
rumple, crease
rumple, crinkle
gelatinize, gelatinise
gelatinize, gelatinise
felt, matt-up
felt, matte
felt, mat
feminize, feminise
feminize, effeminize
feminize, effeminise
feminize, womanize
masculinize, masculinise
masculinize, virilize
masculinize, virilise
feminize, feminise
disharmonize, dissonate
sexualize, sexualise
schematize, schematise
constitutionalize, constitutionalise
rationalize, rationalise
stalinize, stalinise
destalinize, destalinise
plasticize, plasticise
plasticize, plasticise
paganize, paganise
deaminate, deaminize
sensitize, sensitise
sensitize, sensitise
depolarize, depolarise
demineralize, demineralise
isomerize, isomerise
isomerize, isomerise
evaporate, vaporise
evaporate, vaporise
keratinize, keratinise
keratinize, keratinise
industrialize, industrialise
militarize, militarise
nationalize, nationalise
popularize, popularise
sentimentalize, sentimentalise
solemnize, solemnise
subordinate, subdue
territorialize, territorialise
transfigure, glorify
transfigure, spiritualize
visualize, visualise
vascularize, vascularise
vulgarise, vulgarize
scorch, sear
scorch, singe
professionalize, professionalise
professionalize, professionalise
ozonize, ozonise
grok, comprehend
grok, savvy
grok, dig
grok, grasp
grok, compass
grok, apprehend
smell, sense
catch, get
understand, realize
understand, realise
understand, see
click, dawn
click, penetrate
acknowledge, recognize
acknowledge, recognise
acknowledge, know
understand, infer
understand, read
understand, interpret
understand, translate
sympathize, sympathise
sympathize, empathize
sympathize, empathise
sympathize, understand
know, cognize
know, cognise
know, experience
know, live
master, control
learn, larn
learn, acquire
learn, hear
learn, discover
learn, see
learn, study
learn, read
learn, take
absorb, engross
absorb, engage
absorb, occupy
steep, immerse
steep, engulf
steep, plunge
steep, engross
steep, absorb
plunge, immerse
espouse, embrace
espouse, adopt
absorb, assimilate
absorb, ingest
train, prepare
train, develop
train, prepare
train, educate
housebreak, house-train
memorize, memorise
memorize, con
memorize, learn
understudy, alternate
revolutionize, revolutionise
revolutionize, inspire
cram, drum
cram, swot
cram, bone
drill, exercise
drill, practice
drill, practise
inculcate, instill
inculcate, infuse
remember, retrieve
remember, recall
remember, recollect
remember, think
forget, block
forget, bury
recognize, recognise
commemorate, remember
commemorate, memorialize
commemorate, memorialise
commemorate, immortalize
commemorate, immortalise
commemorate, record
monumentalize, monumentalise
commemorate, mark
suppress, repress
forget, leave
abandon, forsake
abandon, desolate
abandon, desert
neglect, pretermit
neglect, omit
neglect, drop
neglect, miss
neglect, overlook
neglect, overleap
exclude, except
exclude, omit
jump, skip
neglect, ignore
neglect, disregard
slight, cold-shoulder
err, mistake
err, slip
mistake, misidentify
type, typecast
identify, place
confuse, confound
misconstrue, misinterpret
misconstrue, misconceive
misconstrue, misunderstand
misconstrue, misapprehend
addle, muddle
addle, puddle
confuse, blur
confuse, obscure
confuse, obnubilate
clear, crystallize
clear, crystallise
clear, crystalize
clear, crystalise
clear, enlighten
clear, illuminate
clear, elucidate
confuse, throw
confuse, fox
confuse, befuddle
confuse, fuddle
confuse, bedevil
confuse, confound
confuse, discombobulate
perplex, vex
perplex, stick
perplex, get
perplex, puzzle
perplex, mystify
perplex, baffle
perplex, beat
perplex, pose
perplex, bewilder
perplex, flummox
perplex, stupefy
perplex, nonplus
perplex, gravel
perplex, amaze
perplex, dumbfound
interpret, construe
interpret, see
mythicize, mythicise
literalize, literalise
spiritualize, spiritualise
allegorize, allegorise
take, read
misread, misinterpret
idealize, idealise
anagram, anagrammatize
anagram, anagrammatise
empanel, impanel
empanel, panel
decipher, trace
read, scan
lipread, lip-read
lipread, speech-read
copyread, subedit
copyread, copyedit
proofread, proof
think, cogitate
think, cerebrate
rationalize, rationalise
philosophize, philosophise
theologize, theologise
think, opine
think, suppose
think, imagine
think, reckon
think, guess
assume, presume
speculate, theorize
speculate, theorise
speculate, conjecture
speculate, hypothesize
speculate, hypothesise
speculate, hypothecate
speculate, suppose
reconstruct, construct
reconstruct, retrace
etymologize, etymologise
reason, conclude
solve, lick
solve, work
answer, resolve
guess, infer
deduce, infer
deduce, deduct
deduce, derive
establish, base
establish, ground
establish, found
calculate, cipher
calculate, cypher
calculate, compute
calculate, reckon
calculate, figure
quantize, quantise
miscalculate, misestimate
subtract, deduct
divide, fraction
interpolate, extrapolate
analyze, analyse
analyze, psychoanalyze
analyze, psychoanalyse
analyze, analyse
analyze, dissect
synthesize, synthesise
analyze, analyse
analyze, study
analyze, examine
analyze, canvass
analyze, canvas
botanize, botanise
diagnose, name
survey, appraise
measure, mensurate
caliper, calliper
research, search
research, explore
cave, spelunk
distinguish, separate
distinguish, differentiate
distinguish, secern
distinguish, secernate
distinguish, severalize
distinguish, severalise
distinguish, tell
individualize, individualise
distinguish, mark
distinguish, differentiate
identify, discover
identify, key
identify, distinguish
identify, describe
identify, name
catalogue, catalog
analogize, analogise
syllogize, syllogise
compare, liken
compare, equate
classify, class
classify, sort
classify, assort
classify, separate
dichotomize, dichotomise
pigeonhole, stereotype
pigeonhole, stamp
collocate, lump
collocate, chunk
categorize, categorise
grade, score
grade, mark
rate, rank
rate, range
rate, order
rate, grade
rate, place
prioritize, prioritise
rate, value
severalize, severalise
check, mark
check, tick
see, check
see, insure
see, ensure
see, control
see, ascertain
see, assure
prove, demonstrate
prove, establish
prove, show
prove, shew
confirm, corroborate
confirm, sustain
confirm, substantiate
confirm, support
confirm, affirm
negate, contradict
invalidate, nullify
disprove, confute
refute, rebut
refute, controvert
digest, endure
digest, stomach
digest, bear
digest, stand
digest, tolerate
digest, support
digest, brook
digest, abide
digest, suffer
accept, swallow
take, submit
evaluate, judge
underestimate, underrate
overcapitalize, overcapitalise
overestimate, overrate
estimate, gauge
estimate, approximate
estimate, guess
estimate, judge
quantize, quantise
place, put
place, set
lowball, underestimate
choose, take
choose, select
sieve, sift
plump, go
excerpt, extract
assign, specify
choose, prefer
choose, opt
prejudice, prepossess
bias, predetermine
slant, angle
slant, weight
dispose, incline
indispose, disincline
measure, evaluate
measure, valuate
measure, assess
measure, appraise
measure, value
standardize, standardise
reassess, reevaluate
disbelieve, discredit
subsume, colligate
distrust, mistrust
distrust, suspect
trust, swear
trust, rely
trust, bank
think, believe
think, consider
think, conceive
see, consider
see, reckon
see, view
see, regard
relativize, relativise
favor, favour
hypostatize, hypostatise
idealize, idealise
romanticize, romanticise
romanticize, glamorize
romanticize, glamourise
apotheosize, apotheosise
apotheosize, apotheose
deem, hold
respect, esteem
respect, value
respect, prize
respect, prise
disrespect, disesteem
overvalue, overestimate
undervalue, underestimate
review, reexamine
review, retrospect
review, survey
review, refresh
audit, scrutinize
audit, scrutinise
audit, inspect
decide, determine
decide, settle
decide, resolve
decide, adjudicate
purpose, resolve
determine, set
initialize, initialise
determine, shape
determine, mold
determine, influence
determine, regulate
predestine, foreordain
predestine, preordain
predestine, predestinate
predestine, foreordain
brood, dwell
study, meditate
study, contemplate
project, propose
frame, compose
conspire, cabal
conspire, complot
conspire, conjure
conspire, machinate
conspire, collude
scheme, intrigue
scheme, connive
intend, mean
intend, think
aim, purpose
aim, purport
aim, propose
intend, destine
intend, designate
intend, specify
mastermind, engineer
mastermind, direct
mastermind, organize
mastermind, organise
mastermind, orchestrate
plat, plot
dally, trifle
dally, play
calculate, estimate
calculate, reckon
calculate, figure
calculate, forecast
miscalculate, misestimate
reckon, count
count, bet
count, depend
count, look
count, calculate
count, reckon
calculate, aim
calculate, direct
associate, relate
associate, link
associate, colligate
associate, connect
decouple, dissociate
find, feel
rule, decree
overrule, overturn
overrule, override
overrule, overthrow
overrule, reverse
presuppose, suppose
presuppose, suppose
postulate, posit
insist, assert
premise, premiss
react, respond
expect, anticipate
expect, look
expect, await
expect, wait
anticipate, previse
anticipate, foreknow
anticipate, foresee
believe, trust
discover, find
concentrate, focus
concentrate, center
concentrate, centre
concentrate, pore
concentrate, rivet
occur, come
allow, appropriate
allow, earmark
allow, reserve
beware, mind
amaze, astonish
amaze, astound
flabbergast, boggle
impute, ascribe
impute, assign
impute, attribute
sensualize, carnalize
anthropomorphize, anthropomorphise
personify, personate
accredit, credit
blame, charge
impress, ingrain
impress, instill
recognize, recognise
recognize, realize
recognize, realise
recognize, agnize
recognize, agnise
penetrate, fathom
penetrate, bottom
trace, follow
wonder, inquire
wonder, enquire
project, externalize
project, externalise
internalize, internalise
internalize, interiorize
internalize, interiorise
demarcate, delimit
demarcate, delimitate
draw, make
capitalize, capitalise
capitalize, capitalise
overcapitalize, overcapitalise
concenter, concentre
concenter, focalize
concenter, focalise
concenter, focus
give, pay
give, devote
resign, reconcile
resign, submit
observe, keep
observe, maintain
resolve, solve
factorize, factorise
align, array
consider, take
consider, deal
plant, implant
dateline, datemark
dateline, date-mark
arrange, put
arrange, order
synchronize, synchronise
synchronize, contemporize
synchronize, contemporise
analyze, analyse
grab, seize
seize, clutch
relegate, classify
assign, attribute
communicate, intercommunicate
yak, gab
fingerspell, finger-spell
aphorize, aphorise
communicate, pass
reach, contact
diphthongize, diphthongise
vocalize, vocalise
vocalize, phonate
destine, fate
destine, doom
destine, designate
order, tell
order, enjoin
order, say
order, prescribe
order, dictate
force, thrust
intrude, obtrude
stick, sting
inflict, visit
inflict, impose
charge, saddle
charge, burden
overwhelm, deluge
command, require
request, bespeak
request, quest
appeal, invoke
ask, require
ask, expect
claim, take
claim, exact
profess, pretend
contend, postulate
disown, renounce
disown, repudiate
apostatize, apostatise
apostatize, tergiversate
claim, take
beg, implore
beg, pray
bid, beseech
bid, entreat
bid, adjure
bid, press
bid, conjure
commune, communicate
intercede, mediate
intercede, intermediate
intercede, liaise
intercede, arbitrate
clear, solve
negociate, negotiate
renegociate, renegotiate
renegociate, renegotiate
settle, determine
reconcile, conciliate
reconcile, settle
propitiate, appease
urge, press
urge, exhort
memorialize, memorialise
wheedle, cajole
wheedle, palaver
wheedle, blarney
wheedle, coax
wheedle, sweet-talk
wheedle, inveigle
convert, convince
proselytize, proselytise
dissuade, deter
induce, stimulate
induce, cause
induce, have
induce, get
induce, make
prompt, inspire
prompt, instigate
argue, reason
argue, indicate
present, represent
argue, contend
argue, debate
argue, fence
quibble, niggle
quibble, pettifog
quibble, bicker
quibble, squabble
quibble, brabble
brawl, wrangle
clamor, clamour
polemize, polemise
polemize, polemicize
polemize, polemicise
quarrel, dispute
quarrel, scrap
quarrel, argufy
quarrel, altercate
oppose, controvert
oppose, contradict
charm, influence
charm, tempt
hex, bewitch
hex, glamour
hex, witch
hex, enchant
hex, jinx
magnetize, mesmerize
magnetize, mesmerise
magnetize, magnetise
magnetize, bewitch
magnetize, spellbind
importune, insist
interrupt, disrupt
pause, intermit
pause, break
rest, breathe
digress, stray
digress, divagate
digress, wander
continue, proceed
hook, solicit
hook, accost
solicit, beg
solicit, tap
entice, lure
entice, tempt
hook, snare
ask, inquire
ask, enquire
question, query
spy, stag
spy, snoop
spy, sleuth
investigate, inquire
investigate, enquire
quiz, test
catechize, catechise
catechize, catechise
reinforce, reward
interrogate, question
probe, examine
call, telephone
call, phone
call, ring
summon, summons
summon, cite
convoke, convene
invite, bid
tempt, allure
provoke, stimulate
program, programme
forbid, prohibit
forbid, interdict
forbid, proscribe
forbid, veto
forbid, disallow
forbid, nix
bar, debar
bar, exclude
reject, spurn
reject, scorn
reject, pooh-pooh
reject, disdain
refuse, decline
accept, consent
rebuff, snub
rebuff, repel
abjure, recant
abjure, forswear
abjure, retract
abjure, resile
swallow, unsay
swallow, withdraw
retreat, crawfish
retreat, withdraw
revoke, annul
revoke, lift
revoke, countermand
revoke, reverse
revoke, repeal
revoke, overturn
revoke, rescind
revoke, vacate
cancel, invalidate
dismiss, disregard
dismiss, discount
dismiss, ignore
scoff, flout
permit, allow
permit, let
permit, countenance
allow, permit
allow, tolerate
authorize, authorise
authorize, pass
authorize, clear
assent, accede
assent, acquiesce
yield, succumb
disagree, differ
disagree, dissent
agree, hold
agree, concur
agree, concord
concede, yield
concede, grant
subscribe, support
approve, O.K.
approve, okay
approve, sanction
disapprove, reject
demur, except
cavil, carp
cavil, chicane
interview, question
hedge, fudge
hedge, evade
hedge, circumvent
hedge, parry
hedge, elude
hedge, skirt
hedge, dodge
hedge, duck
hedge, sidestep
miss, escape
bypass, short-circuit
shun, eschew
confront, face
debate, deliberate
consider, debate
consider, moot
consider, deliberate
moderate, chair
moderate, lead
refute, rebut
answer, reply
answer, respond
retort, repay
retort, return
retort, riposte
retort, rejoin
admit, acknowledge
bastardize, bastardise
concede, profess
concede, confess
confess, squeal
confess, fink
avow, avouch
attest, certify
attest, manifest
attest, demonstrate
attest, evidence
notarize, notarise
declare, adjudge
declare, hold
canonize, canonise
canonize, saint
contradict, negate
contradict, contravene
reprimand, censure
reprimand, criminate
savage, blast
savage, pillory
savage, crucify
admonish, reprove
chastise, castigate
chastise, objurgate
chastise, chasten
chastise, correct
reproach, upbraid
knock, criticize
knock, criticise
belabor, belabour
preach, advocate
preach, prophesy
evangelize, evangelise
sermonize, sermonise
sermonize, preachify
sermonize, moralize
sermonize, moralise
teach, learn
teach, instruct
lecture, talk
instruct, apprise
instruct, apprize
coach, train
misinform, mislead
falsify, distort
falsify, garble
falsify, warp
typify, symbolize
typify, symbolise
typify, represent
misrepresent, belie
tinge, color
tinge, colour
tinge, distort
color, colour
color, gloss
pose, impersonate
pose, personate
feign, sham
feign, pretend
feign, affect
feign, dissemble
make, pretend
bamboozle, snow
bamboozle, hoodwink
overstate, exaggerate
overstate, overdraw
overstate, hyperbolize
overstate, hyperbolise
overstate, magnify
overstate, amplify
trivialize, trivialise
overemphasize, overemphasise
overemphasize, overstress
re-emphasise, re-emphasize
understate, minimize
understate, minimise
understate, downplay
fulminate, rail
denounce, betray
denounce, rat
denounce, grass
denounce, shit
denounce, shop
denounce, snitch
denounce, stag
blame, fault
blame, pick
accuse, impeach
accuse, incriminate
accuse, criminate
charge, accuse
nag, peck
nag, hen-peck
abuse, clapperclaw
abuse, blackguard
abuse, shout
disparage, belittle
pan, trash
defame, slander
defame, smirch
defame, asperse
defame, denigrate
defame, calumniate
defame, smear
defame, sully
defame, besmirch
discredit, disgrace
vilify, revile
vilify, vituperate
vilify, rail
badmouth, malign
badmouth, traduce
diss, insult
diss, affront
mock, bemock
caricature, ape
spoof, burlesque
spoof, parody
jeer, scoff
jeer, flout
jeer, barrack
jeer, gibe
tease, razz
tease, rag
tease, cod
tease, tantalize
tease, tantalise
tease, bait
tease, taunt
tease, twit
tease, rally
tease, ride
incite, instigate
needle, goad
ridicule, roast
ridicule, guy
ridicule, blackguard
ridicule, rib
satirize, satirise
satirize, lampoon
debunk, expose
joke, jest
gag, quip
deceive, betray
gull, dupe
gull, slang
gull, befool
gull, cod
gull, fool
kid, chaff
kid, jolly
kid, josh
kid, banter
review, critique
deprecate, depreciate
deprecate, vilipend
deflate, puncture
exuberate, exult
exuberate, rejoice
exuberate, triumph
exuberate, jubilate
cheer, inspire
cheer, urge
cheer, barrack
cheer, exhort
humor, humour
laud, extol
laud, exalt
laud, glorify
laud, proclaim
canonize, canonise
acclaim, hail
acclaim, herald
applaud, clap
applaud, spat
applaud, acclaim
boo, hiss
attack, round
attack, assail
attack, snipe
attack, assault
bombard, barrage
blister, scald
blister, whip
condemn, reprobate
condemn, decry
condemn, objurgate
condemn, excoriate
minimize, belittle
minimize, denigrate
minimize, derogate
accurse, execrate
accurse, anathemize
accurse, comminate
accurse, anathemise
accurse, anathematize
accurse, anathematise
curse, cuss
curse, blaspheme
curse, swear
curse, imprecate
ooh, aah
curse, beshrew
curse, damn
curse, bedamn
curse, anathemize
curse, anathemise
curse, imprecate
curse, maledict
consecrate, bless
consecrate, hallow
consecrate, sanctify
desecrate, unhallow
desecrate, deconsecrate
bless, sign
question, oppugn
defy, dare
challenge, dispute
challenge, gainsay
contest, contend
contest, repugn
charge, lodge
charge, file
warn, discourage
warn, admonish
warn, monish
forewarn, previse
caution, admonish
caution, monish
bode, portend
bode, auspicate
bode, prognosticate
bode, omen
bode, presage
bode, betoken
bode, foreshadow
bode, augur
bode, foretell
bode, prefigure
bode, forecast
bode, predict
alarm, alert
rede, advise
rede, counsel
advise, notify
advise, apprise
advise, apprize
familiarize, familiarise
familiarize, acquaint
recommend, urge
recommend, advocate
propose, suggest
propose, advise
misadvise, misguide
confer, confabulate
confer, confab
confer, consult
consult, refer
prompt, remind
prompt, cue
submit, state
submit, posit
submit, bow
submit, defer
submit, accede
submit, subject
propose, offer
flatter, blandish
eulogize, eulogise
fawn, toady
fawn, truckle
fawn, bootlick
fawn, kowtow
fawn, kotow
compliment, congratulate
congratulate, felicitate
rave, gush
commend, remember
commend, recommend
boast, tout
boast, swash
boast, brag
boast, gas
boast, blow
boast, bluster
boast, vaunt
boast, gasconade
gloat, triumph
gloat, crow
preen, congratulate
promise, assure
pledge, plight
oblige, bind
oblige, hold
oblige, obligate
indenture, indent
oblige, accommodate
betroth, engage
betroth, affiance
betroth, plight
vow, consecrate
give, dedicate
give, consecrate
give, commit
give, devote
contract, undertake
undertake, guarantee
underwrite, subvention
underwrite, subvent
guarantee, vouch
guarantee, ensure
guarantee, insure
guarantee, assure
guarantee, secure
cover, insure
cover, underwrite
guarantee, warrant
acknowledge, recognize
acknowledge, recognise
acknowledge, receipt
apologize, apologise
excuse, condone
excuse, explain
excuse, relieve
excuse, exempt
apologize, apologise
apologize, excuse
apologize, justify
apologize, rationalize
apologize, rationalise
defend, support
justify, vindicate
uphold, maintain
justify, warrant
greet, recognize
greet, recognise
congee, conge
curtsy, bob
salute, present
hail, herald
welcome, receive
introduce, present
introduce, acquaint
reintroduce, re-introduce
precede, preface
precede, premise
precede, introduce
prologize, prologuize
prologize, prologise
absolve, justify
absolve, free
wish, bid
shrive, absolve
acquit, assoil
acquit, clear
acquit, discharge
acquit, exonerate
acquit, exculpate
excuse, pardon
extenuate, palliate
extenuate, mitigate
sentence, condemn
sentence, doom
complain, kick
complain, plain
complain, quetch
complain, kvetch
backbite, bitch
whine, grizzle
whine, yammer
whine, yawp
deter, discourage
foster, nurture
patronize, patronise
patronize, patronage
patronize, support
patronize, patronise
patronize, condescend
murmur, mutter
murmur, grumble
murmur, croak
murmur, gnarl
grouch, grumble
grouch, scold
declaim, inveigh
gripe, bitch
gripe, grouse
gripe, crab
gripe, beef
gripe, squawk
gripe, bellyache
gripe, holler
rail, inveigh
deplore, lament
deplore, bewail
deplore, bemoan
exclaim, cry
exclaim, outcry
exclaim, shout
yell, scream
shout, cry
shout, call
shout, yell
shout, scream
shout, holler
shout, hollo
shout, squall
shriek, shrill
shriek, pipe
yowl, caterwaul
interject, interpose
interject, inject
clamor, clamour
thunder, roar
snap, snarl
rhapsodize, rhapsodise
guess, venture
guess, pretend
guess, hazard
suppose, say
second-guess, outguess
predict, foretell
predict, prognosticate
predict, call
predict, forebode
predict, anticipate
predict, promise
bet, wager
determine, find
determine, ascertain
determine, check
determine, see
determine, ascertain
determine, watch
determine, learn
suspect, surmise
bespeak, betoken
bespeak, indicate
bespeak, point
bespeak, signal
signalize, signalise
signalize, distinguish
singularize, singularise
read, register
read, show
read, record
indicate, point
indicate, designate
indicate, show
signalize, signalise
wonder, question
wonder, marvel
explicate, formulate
explicate, develop
redevelop, reformulate
forecast, calculate
prophesy, vaticinate
enlighten, irradiate
hint, suggest
intimate, adumbrate
intimate, insinuate
indicate, suggest
imply, connote
suggest, evoke
suggest, intimate
connote, predicate
denote, refer
mean, intend
mean, signify
spell, import
twist, pervert
twist, convolute
twist, sophisticate
euphemize, euphemise
unwrap, disclose
unwrap, reveal
unwrap, discover
unwrap, expose
unwrap, divulge
unwrap, break
unmask, uncloak
betray, bewray
unbosom, relieve
rede, interpret
moralize, moralise
reinterpret, re-explain
explain, explicate
clarify, elucidate
express, verbalize
express, verbalise
express, utter
miaou, miaow
talk, speak
talk, utter
talk, mouth
talk, verbalize
talk, verbalise
verbalize, verbalise
express, show
express, evince
vent, ventilate
deduce, infer
list, name
enumerate, recite
enumerate, itemize
enumerate, itemise
itemize, itemise
number, list
specify, set
specify, determine
specify, define
specify, fix
specify, limit
count, number
count, enumerate
count, numerate
foliate, paginate
foliate, page
total, tot
total, sum
total, summate
total, add
total, tally
remit, remand
consider, count
consider, weigh
palatalize, palatalise
nasalize, nasalise
nasalize, nasalise
mispronounce, misspeak
tsk, tut
tsk, tut-tut
voice, sound
voice, vocalize
voice, vocalise
spill, talk
tell, narrate
tell, recount
tell, recite
rhapsodize, rhapsodise
tell, evidence
publicize, publicise
publicize, air
publicize, bare
mean, intend
elaborate, lucubrate
elaborate, expatiate
elaborate, exposit
elaborate, enlarge
elaborate, expand
elaborate, expound
elaborate, dilate
embroider, pad
embroider, lard
embroider, embellish
embroider, aggrandize
embroider, aggrandise
embroider, dramatize
embroider, dramatise
qualify, characterize
qualify, characterise
repeat, echo
repeat, reiterate
repeat, ingeminate
repeat, iterate
repeat, restate
repeat, retell
regurgitate, reproduce
harp, dwell
translate, interpret
translate, render
synchronize, synchronise
gloss, comment
gloss, annotate
paraphrase, rephrase
paraphrase, reword
lexicalize, lexicalise
talk, speak
dogmatize, dogmatise
speak, talk
monologuize, monologuise
monologuize, soliloquize
monologuize, soliloquise
converse, discourse
broach, initiate
report, describe
report, account
announce, declare
report, cover
publish, issue
publish, release
circulate, circularize
circulate, circularise
circulate, distribute
circulate, disseminate
circulate, propagate
circulate, broadcast
circulate, spread
circulate, diffuse
circulate, disperse
telecast, televise
popularize, popularise
popularize, vulgarize
popularize, vulgarise
popularize, generalize
popularize, generalise
propagandize, propagandise
propagandize, propagandise
misname, miscall
pronounce, label
pronounce, judge
rule, find
air, send
air, broadcast
air, beam
air, transmit
rerun, rebroadcast
announce, annunciate
announce, harbinger
announce, foretell
announce, herald
announce, denote
advertise, publicize
advertise, advertize
advertise, publicise
advertise, advertize
advertise, promote
advertise, push
proclaim, exclaim
proclaim, promulgate
articulate, enunciate
articulate, vocalize
articulate, vocalise
pronounce, articulate
pronounce, enounce
pronounce, enunciate
pronounce, say
subvocalize, subvocalise
syllabize, syllabise
round, labialize
round, labialise
dogmatize, dogmatise
formularize, formularise
frame, redact
frame, cast
frame, put
frame, couch
bumble, stutter
bumble, stammer
bumble, falter
tone, inflect
tone, modulate
stress, accent
stress, accentuate
vocalize, vocalise
vocalize, vowelize
vocalize, vowelise
utter, emit
sputter, splutter
describe, depict
describe, draw
symbolize, symbolise
actualize, actualise
dramatize, dramatise
overdramatize, overdramatise
address, speak
deliver, present
address, accost
address, direct
misdirect, misaddress
enlighten, edify
placard, bill
gesticulate, gesture
gesticulate, motion
telepathize, telepathise
apostrophize, apostrophise
code, encipher
code, cipher
code, cypher
code, encrypt
code, inscribe
decode, decrypt
decode, decipher
transliterate, transcribe
Romanize, Romanise
Romanize, Latinize
Romanize, Latinise
sign, subscribe
autograph, inscribe
endorse, indorse
cosign, co-sign
record, tape
demagnetize, demagnetise
write, save
erase, delete
record, enter
file, register
film, shoot
film, take
videotape, tape
photograph, snap
photograph, shoot
score, mark
underline, underscore
type, typewrite
scribble, scrabble
sketch, outline
sketch, adumbrate
cable, telegraph
cable, wire
fax, telefax
fax, facsimile
recapitulate, recap
retrograde, rehash
state, say
state, tell
affirm, verify
affirm, assert
affirm, avow
affirm, aver
affirm, swan
affirm, swear
confirm, reassert
validate, corroborate
swear, depose
swear, depone
stress, emphasize
stress, emphasise
stress, punctuate
stress, accent
stress, accentuate
underscore, underline
underscore, emphasize
underscore, emphasise
testify, attest
testify, prove
testify, evidence
testify, show
adduce, abduce
adduce, cite
allege, aver
allege, say
assert, asseverate
assert, maintain
predicate, proclaim
maintain, defend
demand, exact
stipulate, qualify
stipulate, condition
stipulate, specify
assure, tell
note, observe
note, mention
note, remark
exemplify, illustrate
exemplify, instance
conclude, resolve
specify, particularize
specify, particularise
specify, specialize
specify, specialise
overgeneralize, overgeneralise
generalize, generalise
generalize, extrapolate
generalize, infer
universalize, universalise
generalize, generalise
mention, cite
quote, cite
quote, cite
mention, advert
mention, cite
mention, name
mention, refer
invoke, appeal
name, identify
allude, touch
allude, advert
drive, get
drive, aim
add, append
add, supply
opine, animadvert
editorialize, editorialise
baptize, baptise
baptize, christen
style, title
dub, nickname
name, call
entitle, title
designate, denominate
excommunicate, unchurch
excommunicate, curse
post, brand
mail, post
mail, send
e-mail, email
e-mail, netmail
disk-jockey, disc-jockey
disk-jockey, DJ
cover, treat
cover, handle
cover, plow
cover, deal
cover, address
theologize, theologise
discourse, discuss
browbeat, bully
browbeat, swagger
queer, expose
queer, scupper
queer, endanger
queer, peril
chatter, piffle
chatter, palaver
chatter, prate
chatter, tittle-tattle
chatter, twaddle
chatter, clack
chatter, maunder
chatter, prattle
chatter, blab
chatter, gibber
chatter, tattle
chatter, blabber
chatter, gabble
yack, jaw
babble, blather
babble, smatter
babble, blether
babble, blither
shmooze, shmoose
shmooze, schmooze
shmooze, schmoose
shmooze, jawbone
sign, signal
sign, signalize
sign, signalise
lip-synch, lip-sync
beckon, wave
rumor, rumour
rumor, bruit
snivel, whine
whistle, sing
mumble, mutter
mumble, maunder
mumble, mussitate
groan, moan
grumble, growl
grumble, rumble
roar, howl
yawp, bawl
sough, purl
howl, ululate
howl, wail
howl, roar
howl, yawl
howl, yaup
squall, waul
squall, wawl
howl, wrawl
howl, yammer
howl, yowl
bay, quest
yelp, yip
yelp, yap
bleat, blate
bleat, blat
bleat, baa
bawl, bellow
bellow, roar
squawk, screak
squawk, skreak
squawk, skreigh
squawk, screech
chant, intone
chant, intonate
chant, cantillate
intonate, intone
yodel, warble
yodel, descant
warble, trill
warble, quaver
quaver, waver
declaim, recite
rant, jabber
rant, spout
rant, rave
peep, cheep
peep, chirp
peep, chirrup
churr, whirr
meow, mew
honk, cronk
honk, claxon
chitter, twitter
hiss, siss
hiss, sizz
hiss, sibilate
hiss, sizz
hiss, siss
hiss, sibilate
hee-haw, bray
squeal, oink
cluck, click
cluck, clack
moo, low
jam, block
mince, soften
mince, moderate
crunch, scranch
crunch, scraunch
crunch, crackle
comment, notice
comment, remark
kibitz, kibbitz
notice, acknowledge
ignore, disregard
ignore, snub
ignore, cut
neigh, nicker
neigh, whicker
neigh, whinny
give, throw
give, pay
give, render
carry, convey
carry, express
express, state
render, deliver
render, return
set, mark
croak, cronk
keep, maintain
confront, face
confront, present
tone, chant
tone, intone
hurl, throw
traverse, deny
etymologize, etymologise
pluralize, pluralise
compete, vie
compete, contend
move, go
draw, cast
trump, ruff
confront, face
front, breast
meet, encounter
meet, play
pit, oppose
pit, match
enter, participate
demolish, destroy
referee, umpire
handicap, hinder
handicap, hamper
race, run
arm, fortify
arm, gird
rearm, re-arm
disarm, demilitarize
disarm, demilitarise
disarm, unarm
demobilize, demobilise
demobilize, demob
mobilize, mobilise
station, post
station, send
station, place
group, aggroup
contend, fight
contend, struggle
fight, oppose
fight, defend
battle, combat
campaign, run
criticize, criticise
officiate, function
caddie, caddy
enlist, draft
demobilize, inactivate
demobilize, demobilise
recruit, levy
recruit, raise
militarize, militarise
remilitarize, remilitarise
demilitarize, demilitarise
outpoint, outscore
prevail, triumph
beat, crush
beat, shell
beat, trounce
beat, vanquish
worst, pip
worst, whip
lurch, skunk
spread-eagle, spreadeagle
spread-eagle, rout
cheat, chouse
cheat, shaft
cheat, screw
cheat, chicane
cheat, jockey
outwit, overreach
outwit, outsmart
outwit, outfox
outwit, beat
outwit, circumvent
outshout, outcry
surpass, outstrip
surpass, outmatch
surpass, outgo
surpass, exceed
surpass, outdo
surpass, surmount
surpass, outperform
better, break
overcome, subdue
overcome, surmount
overcome, master
rout, expel
outdo, outflank
outdo, trump
outdo, best
outdo, scoop
manoeuver, maneuver
manoeuver, manoeuvre
manoeuver, operate
outmaneuver, outmanoeuvre
outmaneuver, outsmart
overpower, overmaster
overpower, overwhelm
steamroller, steamroll
gain, advance
gain, win
score, hit
score, tally
checkmate, mate
sic, set
tie, draw
equalize, equalise
resist, stand
resist, fend
resist, withstand
complete, nail
neutralize, neutralise
attack, aggress
attack, assail
assail, assault
assail, attack
pepper, pelt
immobilize, immobilise
outrival, outvie
chicken-fight, chickenfight
strike, hit
feather, square
feather, square
counterattack, counterstrike
storm, surprise
invade, occupy
barricade, barricado
besiege, beleaguer
besiege, surround
besiege, circumvent
immunize, immunise
guard, ward
defend, guard
defend, hold
shield, screen
wall, palisade
wall, fence
wall, surround
repel, repulse
repel, rebuff
check, arrest
check, stop
check, contain
bombard, bomb
atom-bomb, nuke
nuke, atomize
nuke, atomise
nuke, zap
fire, discharge
fire, discharge
blast, shoot
sharpshoot, snipe
blast, shell
shoot, hit
shoot, pip
ambush, scupper
ambush, bushwhack
ambush, waylay
ambush, lurk
ambush, ambuscade
bird, birdwatch
scallop, scollop
fly-fish, flyfish
still-hunt, ambush
hunt, run
jacklight, jack
strive, reach
strive, strain
parry, block
parry, deflect
champion, defend
weight-lift, weightlift
weight-lift, press
target, aim
target, place
target, direct
target, point
aim, take
aim, train
aim, direct
charge, level
charge, point
revenge, avenge
revenge, retaliate
overtake, catch
bet, wager
bet, play
consume, ingest
consume, take
consume, have
consume, eat
consume, deplete
consume, exhaust
consume, squander
consume, waste
consume, ware
use, expend
use, utilize
use, utilise
use, apply
use, employ
put, assign
misapply, misuse
overuse, overdrive
cannibalize, cannibalise
cannibalize, cannibalise
recycle, reprocess
recycle, reuse
exploit, work
exploit, tap
use, habituate
addict, hook
strain, extend
overstrain, overextend
exert, exercise
tax, task
gluttonize, gluttonise
gluttonize, fress
drink, imbibe
guggle, gurgle
lap, lick
drink, booze
drink, fuddle
tipple, bib
drink, tope
partake, touch
nosh, snack
gobble, bolt
nibble, pick
nibble, piece
browse, graze
chomp, champ
mumble, gum
toast, drink
toast, pledge
toast, salute
toast, wassail
regale, treat
slop, swill
feed, give
undernourish, malnourish
feed, eat
serve, dish
pander, pimp
pander, procure
serve, help
feed, feast
gratify, pander
gratify, indulge
provide, supply
provide, ply
provide, cater
meet, satisfy
meet, fill
meet, fulfill
meet, fulfil
sustain, keep
sustain, maintain
feast, banquet
feast, junket
feast, banquet
feast, junket
breastfeed, suckle
breastfeed, suck
breastfeed, nurse
breastfeed, wet-nurse
breastfeed, lactate
wean, ablactate
starve, famish
starve, famish
starve, hunger
starve, famish
crave, hunger
crave, thirst
crave, starve
crave, lust
want, need
want, require
souse, soak
souse, inebriate
intoxicate, soak
intoxicate, inebriate
befuddle, fuddle
delight, enjoy
delight, revel
indulge, luxuriate
dunk, dip
gorge, ingurgitate
gorge, overindulge
gorge, glut
gorge, englut
gorge, stuff
gorge, engorge
gorge, overgorge
gorge, overeat
gorge, gormandize
gorge, gormandise
gorge, gourmandize
gorge, binge
gorge, satiate
avail, help
satiate, sate
satiate, replete
satiate, fill
cloy, pall
quell, stay
quell, appease
fatten, fat
fatten, plump
sample, try
sample, taste
fritter, dissipate
fritter, shoot
fritter, fool
abstain, refrain
abstain, desist
devour, guttle
devour, raven
devour, pig
devour, down
devour, consume
metabolize, metabolise
puff, whiff
puff, drag
puff, draw
free-base, base
huff, snort
chew, masticate
chew, manducate
chew, jaw
crunch, munch
gulp, quaff
gulp, swig
nourish, nurture
nourish, sustain
raven, prey
raven, predate
prey, feed
quench, slake
quench, allay
quench, assuage
nutrify, aliment
nutrify, nourish
luxuriate, wanton
carry, hold
touch, adjoin
touch, meet
touch, contact
trap, pin
trap, immobilize
trap, immobilise
touch, disturb
hit, strike
strike, hit
feel, finger
finger, thumb
palpate, feel
handle, palm
guide, run
guide, draw
guide, pass
seize, prehend
seize, clutch
collar, nail
collar, apprehend
collar, arrest
collar, nab
collar, cop
get, catch
get, capture
cling, hang
hold, support
hold, sustain
pleat, plicate
brace, steady
brace, stabilize
brace, stabilise
stopper, stopple
cling, cleave
cling, adhere
cling, stick
cling, cohere
haemagglutinate, hemagglutinate
twist, twine
twist, distort
curl, wave
crimp, crape
crimp, frizzle
crimp, frizz
crimp, kink
wield, handle
wield, manage
operate, control
caress, fondle
interpenetrate, permeate
penetrate, perforate
permeate, pervade
permeate, penetrate
permeate, interpenetrate
permeate, diffuse
permeate, imbue
permeate, riddle
spiritize, spiritise
jab, prod
jab, stab
jab, poke
jab, dig
stab, jab
prod, incite
nudge, prod
knife, stab
maul, mangle
massage, knead
dab, pat
dab, swab
dab, swob
daub, smear
knead, work
butt, bunt
hit, strike
spang, bang
bump, knock
graze, crease
graze, rake
goad, prick
snap, click
snap, flick
slam, bang
slam, bang
peck, pick
peck, beak
chuck, pat
swab, swob
dredge, drag
vacuum, vacuum-clean
vacuum, hoover
sanitize, sanitise
sanitize, hygienize
sanitize, hygienise
Simonize, Simonise
polish, smooth
polish, smoothen
polish, shine
slick, sleek
buff, burnish
buff, furbish
dull, blunt
tap, tip
shave, trim
fillet, filet
plane, shave
puree, strain
rub, fray
rub, fret
rub, chafe
rub, scratch
scrub, scour
scour, abrade
bedaub, besmear
smear, blur
smear, smudge
smear, smutch
smirch, besmirch
smooth, smoothen
chafe, excoriate
abrade, corrade
abrade, abrase
resect, eviscerate
swage, upset
cube, dice
chop, hack
axe, ax
fell, drop
poleax, poleaxe
log, lumber
nick, chip
nick, snick
chip, knap
rough-hew, roughcast
skim, cream
encrust, incrust
coat, cake
pare, trim
skin, peel
skin, pare
bark, skin
scale, descale
coat, surface
patinate, patinize
patinate, patinise
bonderize, bonderise
galvanize, galvanise
cobble, cobblestone
wallpaper, paper
varnish, seal
wash, rinse
shellac, shellack
rubberstamp, handstamp
postmark, frank
score, nock
score, mark
furrow, rut
furrow, groove
furrow, chamfer
furrow, chase
furrow, wrinkle
furrow, crease
wrinkle, ruckle
wrinkle, crease
wrinkle, crinkle
wrinkle, scrunch
wrinkle, crisp
pucker, rumple
pucker, cockle
pucker, crumple
pucker, knit
pucker, ruck
buckle, crumple
purse, wrinkle
indent, dent
flex, bend
flex, deform
flex, twist
flex, turn
flex, bend
convolve, convolute
rout, gouge
scallop, scollop
rout, root
rout, rootle
cave, undermine
unwrap, undo
untie, unbrace
untie, unlace
gag, muzzle
untie, undo
untie, loosen
unloose, unloosen
tie, bind
faggot, fagot
faggot, fagot
fetter, shackle
manacle, cuff
manacle, handcuff
rope, leash
hopple, hobble
join, conjoin
anastomose, inosculate
anastomose, inosculate
match, mate
match, couple
match, pair
match, twin
mortice, mortise
mortise, mortice
disjoin, disjoint
disjoin, disjoint
disjoint, disarticulate
ring, band
uncouple, decouple
swaddle, swathe
pinion, shackle
restrain, encumber
restrain, cumber
restrain, constrain
restrain, confine
restrain, hold
impound, pound
gird, encircle
cinch, girth
bind, bandage
anchor, ground
moor, berth
moor, wharf
moor, berth
dry-dock, drydock
batten, secure
flush, level
flush, even
strickle, strike
scrape, grate
scratch, scrape
skin, scrape
dig, delve
excavate, dig
excavate, hollow
trench, ditch
grope, fumble
browse, surf
search, seek
rifle, go
comb, ransack
fish, angle
reap, harvest
reap, glean
poll, pollard
snip, clip
snip, crop
snip, trim
snip, lop
snip, dress
snip, prune
top, pinch
scratch, engrave
scratch, grave
scratch, inscribe
engrave, etch
slash, gash
butcher, slaughter
stone, lapidate
zap, vaporize
saber, sabre
overlie, overlay
neutralize, neutralise
neutralize, liquidate
neutralize, waste
hitch, catch
append, tack
append, supplement
append, affix
sew, stitch
gather, pucker
gather, tuck
baste, tack
tick, retick
glue, paste
overlay, cover
aluminize, aluminise
submerge, drown
submerge, overwhelm
uncover, expose
fasten, fix
fasten, secure
close, shut
close, shut
wring, wrench
wrench, twist
contort, deform
contort, distort
contort, wring
extract, pull
caulk, calk
connect, link
connect, tie
interconnect, interlink
tease, card
adhere, bond
adhere, bind
adhere, stick
string, thread
string, draw
plaster, daub
prime, ground
prime, undercoat
net, nett
channelize, channelise
fray, frazzle
break, wear
break, bust
break, bust
drop-kick, dropkick
dropkick, drop-kick
punt, pole
atomize, atomise
spatter, splatter
spatter, plash
spatter, splash
spatter, splosh
spatter, swash
slosh, slush
sprinkle, splash
sprinkle, splosh
squirt, eject
drizzle, moisten
scatter, sprinkle
scatter, dot
scatter, dust
scatter, disperse
aerosolize, aerosolise
aerosolize, aerosolise
strew, straw
spread, distribute
spread, propagate
gather, garner
gather, collect
salvage, scavenge
muster, rally
muster, summon
pick, pluck
pick, cull
birdnest, bird-nest
pluck, pull
pluck, tear
pluck, deplume
pluck, deplumate
pluck, displume
scrape, scratch
aggregate, combine
unitize, unitise
lump, chunk
sandpaper, sand
ruffle, pleat
ruffle, rumple
compress, constrict
compress, squeeze
compress, compact
compress, contract
compress, press
compress, compact
decompress, uncompress
tuck, insert
embower, bower
iron, press
ruffle, fluff
preen, plume
sweep, broom
grate, grind
chrome, chromium-plate
goldplate, gold-plate
silverplate, silver-plate
sock, bop
sock, whop
sock, whap
sock, bonk
sock, bash
whip, lash
belabour, belabor
flagellate, scourge
get, catch
smash, nail
smash, boom
smash, blast
dribble, carry
sandbag, stun
flog, welt
flog, whip
flog, lather
flog, lash
flog, slash
flog, strap
flog, trounce
cane, flog
cane, lambaste
cane, lambast
deck, coldcock
deck, dump
deck, floor
cream, bat
cream, clobber
cream, drub
cream, thrash
cream, lick
rap, knap
thump, pound
thump, poke
smack, thwack
punch, plug
slug, slog
slug, swig
whack, wham
whack, whop
whack, wallop
pummel, pommel
pummel, biff
thrash, thresh
thrash, lam
thrash, flail
thrash, thresh
sledgehammer, sledge
cuff, whomp
clobber, baste
clobber, batter
buffet, buff
buffet, batter
whisk, whip
beat, scramble
shuffle, ruffle
shuffle, mix
agitate, vex
agitate, disturb
agitate, commove
roil, rile
muddle, puddle
spank, paddle
spank, larrup
unplug, disconnect
insert, infix
insert, enter
insert, introduce
cannulate, cannulize
cannulate, cannulise
cannulate, intubate
cannulate, canulate
instill, instil
plug, secure
club, bludgeon
cudgel, fustigate
nuzzle, nose
embrace, hug
embrace, bosom
embrace, squeeze
cuddle, snuggle
cuddle, nestle
cuddle, nest
cuddle, nuzzle
nestle, snuggle
smooch, spoon
take, have
serve, service
deflower, ruin
seduce, score
seduce, make
copulate, mate
copulate, pair
copulate, couple
ride, mount
mongrelize, mongrelise
crossbreed, cross
crossbreed, hybridize
crossbreed, hybridise
crossbreed, interbreed
breed, cover
masturbate, wank
masturbate, she-bop
snog, kiss
snog, buss
snog, osculate
smack, peck
lick, lap
bring, get
bring, convey
bring, fetch
transmit, transfer
transmit, transport
transmit, channel
transmit, channelize
transmit, channelise
turn, release
serve, process
catch, grab
recapture, retake
snatch, snap
intercept, stop
prickle, prick
pierce, thrust
punch, perforate
bore, drill
transfix, impale
transfix, empale
transfix, spike
skewer, spit
horn, tusk
sting, bite
sting, prick
brandish, flourish
brandish, wave
press, push
pull, draw
pull, force
give, yield
transport, carry
airlift, lift
pluck, plunk
pluck, pick
shlep, schlep
trail, train
lug, tote
lug, tug
haul, hale
haul, cart
haul, drag
bowse, bouse
hoist, lift
hoist, wind
heave, heft
nip, clip
nip, snip
pinch, squeeze
pinch, twinge
pinch, tweet
pinch, nip
pinch, twitch
crimp, pinch
percolate, permeate
percolate, filter
filter, filtrate
filter, strain
sift, sieve
sift, strain
sieve, sift
riddle, screen
winnow, fan
compound, combine
sulfurette, sulphurette
mix, mingle
mix, commix
mix, unify
mix, amalgamate
blend, intermix
blend, immingle
blend, intermingle
entangle, tangle
entangle, mat
entangle, snarl
enmesh, mesh
enmesh, ensnarl
disentangle, unsnarl
tease, loosen
pair, geminate
pair, geminate
catenate, catenulate
dress, decorate
border, adjoin
border, edge
border, abut
border, march
border, butt
surround, environ
surround, ring
surround, skirt
surround, border
girdle, gird
eject, exclude
superimpose, superpose
receive, invite
kidnap, nobble
kidnap, abduct
kidnap, snatch
shanghai, impress
commandeer, hijack
commandeer, highjack
commandeer, pirate
scramble, jumble
putter, potter
putter, potter
putter, tinker
putter, monkey
muss, tussle
tousle, dishevel
tousle, tangle
range, array
unleash, loose
free, disengage
suffocate, stifle
suffocate, asphyxiate
suffocate, choke
obstruct, obturate
obstruct, impede
obstruct, occlude
obstruct, jam
obstruct, block
barricade, block
barricade, blockade
barricade, stop
barricade, bar
clog, congest
clog, choke
clog, foul
stuff, lug
stuff, block
capture, catch
trap, entrap
trap, snare
trap, ensnare
trap, trammel
containerize, containerise
enshrine, shrine
pack, bundle
pack, wad
pack, compact
compact, pack
bunch, bundle
bunch, cluster
bunch, clump
lubricate, lube
box, package
encase, incase
encase, case
burden, burthen
burden, weight
unburden, disburden
unload, unlade
unload, offload
overload, surcharge
overload, overcharge
drop, unload
drop, discharge
load, lade
load, laden
load, charge
recharge, reload
harness, tackle
yoke, link
unsaddle, offsaddle
bruise, contuse
jam, crush
ensconce, settle
put, set
put, place
put, pose
put, position
put, lay
throw, thrust
plank, flump
plank, plonk
plank, plop
plank, plunk
plank, plump
sow, seed
inseminate, sow
pillow, rest
misplace, mislay
misplace, lose
stack, pile
stack, heap
stagger, distribute
scuffle, tussle
mudwrestle, mud-wrestle
attract, pull
attract, draw
catch, arrest
catch, get
repel, drive
repel, repulse
invaginate, introvert
hurl, hurtle
hurl, cast
crash, dash
pelt, bombard
deliver, pitch
throw, flip
throw, switch
engage, mesh
engage, lock
engage, operate
disengage, withdraw
propel, impel
flip, toss
flip, sky
flip, pitch
shed, cast
shed, throw
shed, drop
autotomize, autotomise
sling, catapult
chuck, toss
skim, skip
skim, skitter
jet, gush
force, drive
force, ram
toe, toenail
wreathe, wind
frost, ice
encrust, incrust
encrust, beset
intertwine, twine
intertwine, entwine
intertwine, enlace
intertwine, interlace
intertwine, lace
raddle, ruddle
pleach, plash
weave, interweave
braid, pleach
vandalize, vandalise
unravel, unknot
unravel, unscramble
unravel, untangle
unravel, unpick
ravel, tangle
ravel, knot
ravel, unravel
wind, wrap
wind, roll
wind, twine
encircle, circle
clue, clew
unwind, unroll
unwind, disentangle
coil, loop
coil, curl
jam, jampack
jam, ram
jam, cram
jam, wad
deluge, flood
deluge, inundate
deluge, swamp
malfunction, misfunction
function, work
function, operate
function, go
function, run
wedge, squeeze
wedge, force
dislodge, bump
exorcise, exorcize
lodge, wedge
lodge, stick
lodge, deposit
dislodge, free
implant, engraft
implant, embed
implant, imbed
implant, plant
bury, sink
set, countersink
transplant, graft
graft, engraft
graft, ingraft
ingrain, grain
entrench, intrench
emboss, boss
emboss, stamp
impress, imprint
spot, fleck
spot, blob
spot, blot
houseclean, clean
G.I., GI
dirty, soil
dirty, begrime
dirty, grime
dirty, colly
dirty, bemire
mire, muck
mire, mud
wash, launder
pressure-wash, powerwash
stonewash, stone-wash
handwash, hand-wash
tarnish, stain
tarnish, maculate
tarnish, sully
tarnish, defile
defile, sully
defile, corrupt
defile, taint
defile, cloud
blemish, spot
speckle, bespeckle
stipple, speckle
spatter, bespatter
absorb, suck
absorb, imbibe
absorb, draw
reabsorb, resorb
assimilate, imbibe
spill, shed
spill, disgorge
spill, shed
spill, slop
spill, splatter
hang, fall
hang, flow
perch, roost
perch, rest
seat, sit
lay, repose
squat, crouch
squat, scrunch
squat, hunker
recumb, repose
recumb, recline
buckle, clasp
brooch, clasp
erase, efface
delete, cancel
strike, scratch
strike, expunge
strike, excise
deface, disfigure
deface, blemish
anatomize, anatomise
scar, mark
scar, pock
scar, pit
cicatrize, cicatrise
sculpt, sculpture
sculpt, grave
whittle, pare
sabre, saber
dock, tail
dock, bob
cleave, split
cleave, rive
separate, disunite
separate, divide
separate, part
separate, divide
separate, part
slit, slice
fleece, shear
discerp, sever
discerp, lop
collide, clash
crash, ram
segment, section
syllabify, syllabicate
syllabify, syllabize
syllabify, syllabise
destroy, ruin
rape, spoil
rape, despoil
rape, violate
rape, plunder
uproot, extirpate
uproot, deracinate
plant, set
afforest, forest
smother, stifle
smother, strangle
smother, muffle
smother, repress
smother, surround
smother, asphyxiate
smother, suffocate
install, instal
install, instal
install, establish
choke, gag
choke, fret
choke, scrag
strangle, strangulate
strangle, throttle
decapitate, behead
decapitate, decollate
garrote, garrotte
garrote, garotte
garrote, scrag
impale, stake
dismember, discerp
strain, tense
clench, clinch
rend, rip
rend, rive
rend, pull
tear, rupture
tear, snap
tear, bust
grapple, grip
lower, depress
ram, pound
situate, fix
situate, posit
situate, deposit
crop, browse
crop, graze
crop, range
crop, pasture
crop, graze
crop, pasture
cushion, buffer
cushion, soften
dunk, dip
dunk, souse
dunk, plunge
dunk, douse
immerse, plunge
submerge, submerse
ladle, lade
ladle, laden
pitchfork, fork
unfold, spread
unfold, open
envelop, enfold
envelop, enwrap
envelop, wrap
envelop, enclose
capsule, capsulate
capsule, capsulize
capsule, capsulise
shroud, enshroud
shroud, hide
shroud, cover
immerse, swallow
immerse, bury
trace, draw
trace, line
trace, describe
trace, delineate
bevel, chamfer
inject, shoot
extricate, untangle
extricate, disentangle
extricate, disencumber
tamper, fiddle
tamper, monkey
toy, fiddle
toy, diddle
toy, play
storm, force
frame, border
enclose, inclose
dike, dyke
tag, label
tag, mark
brand, trademark
brand, brandmark
patch, piece
jerk, flick
flick, ruffle
flick, riffle
stake, post
yank, jerk
pluck, tweak
pry, prise
pry, prize
pry, lever
pry, jimmy
gap, breach
swing, sweep
squash, crush
squash, squelch
squash, mash
squash, squeeze
crunch, cranch
crunch, craunch
crunch, grind
spotweld, spot-weld
butt-weld, buttweld
heckle, hackle
heckle, hatchel
crape, crepe
coapt, conglutinate
hold, carry
hold, bear
poise, balance
macadamize, macadamise
macadamize, tarmac
lasso, rope
interlock, lock
fortify, fort
lock, interlock
lock, interlace
girdle, deaden
clean, strip
dribble, drip
dribble, drop
plaster, beplaster
metalize, metallize
clothe, cloak
clothe, drape
clothe, robe
make, create
institute, bring
short-circuit, short
do, make
unmake, undo
remake, refashion
remake, redo
destroy, destruct
self-destruct, self-destroy
produce, make
produce, create
pulse, pulsate
custom-make, customize
custom-make, customise
custom-make, tailor-make
compose, compile
confect, confection
confect, comfit
anthologize, anthologise
catalogue, catalog
originate, initiate
originate, start
render, yield
render, return
render, give
render, generate
give, yield
bring, work
bring, play
bring, wreak
raise, conjure
raise, invoke
raise, evoke
raise, stir
raise, arouse
educe, evoke
educe, elicit
educe, extract
pry, prise
regenerate, renew
invent, contrive
invent, devise
invent, excogitate
invent, formulate
invent, forge
project, cast
project, contrive
project, throw
gestate, conceive
gestate, conceptualize
gestate, conceptualise
fabricate, manufacture
fabricate, invent
mythologize, mythologise
fictionalize, fictionalise
fictionalize, retell
visualize, visualise
visualize, envision
visualize, project
visualize, fancy
visualize, see
visualize, figure
visualize, picture
visualize, image
visualize, visualise
envision, foresee
imagine, ideate
imagine, envisage
fantasize, fantasise
fantasy, fantasize
fantasy, fantasise
dream, daydream
dream, woolgather
dream, stargaze
discover, find
plan, project
plan, contrive
plan, design
mint, coin
mint, strike
design, plan
create, make
initiate, pioneer
introduce, innovate
effect, effectuate
draw, get
trip, actuate
trip, trigger
trip, activate
trip, spark
induce, stimulate
induce, rush
induce, hasten
realize, realise
realize, actualize
realize, actualise
realize, substantiate
cause, do
cause, make
provoke, evoke
establish, found
establish, plant
establish, constitute
establish, institute
establish, give
stage, arrange
engender, breed
engender, spawn
motivate, actuate
motivate, propel
motivate, move
motivate, prompt
motivate, incite
impel, force
start, commence
undertake, attempt
organize, organise
organize, prepare
organize, devise
organize, machinate
manufacture, fabricate
manufacture, construct
forge, fake
forge, counterfeit
construct, build
construct, make
build, establish
rebuild, reconstruct
demolish, pulverize
demolish, pulverise
assemble, piece
assemble, tack
jumble, confuse
disassemble, dismantle
fashion, forge
recast, reforge
recast, remodel
shape, form
shape, work
shape, mold
shape, mould
shape, forge
reshape, remold
raise, erect
raise, rear
level, raze
level, rase
level, dismantle
uproot, eradicate
uproot, extirpate
uproot, exterminate
cast, mold
cast, mould
recast, remold
recast, remould
handbuild, hand-build
handbuild, coil
cook, fix
cook, ready
cook, make
cook, prepare
scallop, escallop
sew, tailor
sew, tailor-make
cut, tailor
embroider, broider
faggot, fagot
work, process
rework, retread
fledge, flight
spangle, bespangle
caparison, bard
caparison, barde
knit, entwine
web, net
crochet, hook
loop, intertwine
weave, tissue
tat, intertwine
braid, lace
braid, plait
forge, hammer
decorate, adorn
decorate, grace
decorate, ornament
decorate, embellish
decorate, beautify
bejewel, jewel
fillet, filet
trim, garnish
trim, dress
deck, bedight
deck, bedeck
sensualize, carnalize
animalize, animalise
gild, begild
gild, engild
blueprint, draft
blueprint, draught
miniate, rubricate
emblazon, blazon
sculpt, sculpture
represent, interpret
picture, depict
picture, render
picture, show
stylize, stylise
stylize, conventionalize
portray, depict
portray, limn
portray, present
delineate, limn
delineate, outline
capitalize, capitalise
check, checker
check, chequer
diagram, plot
copy, re-create
mimeograph, mimeo
mottle, streak
mottle, blotch
watercolour, watercolor
color, colour
color, emblazon
model, mold
model, mould
write, compose
write, pen
write, indite
spell, write
hyphenate, hyphen
dramatize, dramatise
dramatize, adopt
draft, outline
rhyme, rime
verse, versify
verse, poetize
verse, poetise
spondaize, spondaise
elegize, elegise
recite, retell
vocalize, vocalise
ghost, ghostwrite
annotate, footnote
reference, cite
compose, write
arrange, set
melodize, melodise
harmonize, harmonise
reharmonize, reharmonise
harmonize, harmonise
realize, realise
instrument, instrumentate
stage, present
stage, represent
set, localize
set, localise
set, place
cinematize, cinematise
perform, execute
perform, do
sightread, sight-read
sightsing, sight-sing
concertize, concertise
play, run
premier, premiere
premier, premiere
cybernate, computerize
cybernate, computerise
act, play
act, represent
act, play
act, roleplay
act, playact
dissemble, pretend
dissemble, act
simulate, assume
simulate, sham
simulate, feign
enact, reenact
model, simulate
rehearse, practise
rehearse, practice
impersonate, portray
mime, pantomime
play, spiel
symphonize, symphonise
reprise, reprize
reprise, repeat
reprise, recapitulate
improvise, improvize
improvise, ad-lib
improvise, extemporize
improvise, extemporise
tweedle, chirp
choir, chorus
interpret, render
conduct, lead
conduct, direct
hold, throw
hold, have
hold, make
hold, give
duplicate, reduplicate
duplicate, double
duplicate, repeat
duplicate, replicate
replicate, copy
reduplicate, geminate
reprint, reissue
photocopy, xerox
induce, induct
catch, get
evolve, germinate
evolve, develop
prefabricate, preassemble
grow, raise
grow, farm
grow, produce
cultivate, crop
cultivate, work
overcrop, overcultivate
plow, plough
plow, turn
harrow, disk
imitate, copy
imitate, simulate
mimic, mime
model, pattern
sovietize, sovietise
publish, write
typeset, set
format, arrange
table, tabularize
table, tabularise
table, tabulate
print, publish
carry, run
scribble, scrawl
program, programme
print, impress
italicize, italicise
engrave, etch
overact, ham
overact, overplay
underact, underplay
graph, chart
cut, burn
channelize, channelise
release, free
release, liberate
blast, shell
arouse, elicit
arouse, enkindle
arouse, kindle
arouse, evoke
arouse, fire
arouse, raise
arouse, provoke
inflame, wake
inflame, ignite
inflame, heat
stimulate, shake
stimulate, excite
stimulate, stir
arouse, sex
arouse, excite
agitate, rouse
agitate, charge
agitate, commove
agitate, excite
perturb, unhinge
perturb, disquiet
perturb, trouble
perturb, cark
perturb, distract
perturb, disorder
unbalance, derange
calm, quiet
calm, tranquilize
calm, tranquillize
calm, tranquillise
calm, quieten
calm, lull
calm, still
pacify, lenify
pacify, conciliate
pacify, assuage
pacify, appease
pacify, mollify
pacify, placate
pacify, gentle
pacify, gruntle
worry, vex
reassure, assure
worry, care
retire, withdraw
seethe, boil
affect, impress
affect, move
affect, strike
disturb, upset
disturb, trouble
touch, stir
feel, experience
pride, plume
pride, congratulate
smolder, smoulder
harbor, harbour
harbor, hold
harbor, entertain
harbor, nurse
embitter, envenom
embitter, acerbate
stew, grudge
hate, detest
abhor, loathe
abhor, abominate
abhor, execrate
contemn, despise
contemn, scorn
contemn, disdain
enshrine, saint
idolize, idolise
idolize, worship
idolize, hero-worship
idolize, revere
reverence, fear
reverence, revere
reverence, venerate
frighten, fright
frighten, scare
frighten, affright
overawe, cow
fear, dread
terrify, terrorize
terrify, terrorise
strong-arm, bully
strong-arm, browbeat
strong-arm, bullyrag
strong-arm, ballyrag
strong-arm, hector
tyrannize, tyrannise
tyrannize, domineer
dismay, alarm
dismay, appal
dismay, appall
dismay, horrify
haunt, obsess
haunt, ghost
faze, unnerve
faze, enervate
faze, unsettle
break, burst
break, erupt
daunt, dash
daunt, pall
daunt, scare
gall, irk
infuriate, exasperate
infuriate, incense
madden, craze
annoy, rag
annoy, bother
annoy, irritate
annoy, rile
annoy, nark
annoy, nettle
annoy, gravel
annoy, vex
annoy, chafe
annoy, devil
pique, offend
harass, hassle
harass, harry
harass, chivy
harass, chivvy
harass, chevy
harass, chevvy
harass, beset
harass, plague
harass, molest
harass, provoke
upset, discompose
upset, untune
upset, disconcert
upset, discomfit
confuse, flurry
confuse, disconcert
bewilder, bemuse
bewilder, discombobulate
bewilder, throw
distract, deflect
embarrass, abash
pain, anguish
pain, hurt
hurt, wound
hurt, injure
hurt, bruise
hurt, offend
hurt, spite
fuss, niggle
fuss, fret
agonize, agonise
agonize, agonise
thrill, tickle
thrill, vibrate
repent, regret
repent, rue
repent, atone
grieve, sorrow
grieve, aggrieve
try, strain
try, stress
fail, betray
humiliate, mortify
humiliate, chagrin
humiliate, humble
humiliate, abase
crush, smash
crush, demolish
dehumanize, dehumanise
humanize, humanise
mortify, subdue
mortify, crucify
lament, keen
torment, torture
torment, excruciate
torment, rack
torment, rag
torment, bedevil
torment, crucify
torment, dun
torment, frustrate
tease, badger
tease, pester
tease, bug
tease, beleaguer
manipulate, control
grizzle, brood
grizzle, stew
ache, yearn
ache, yen
ache, pine
ache, languish
brace, poise
steel, nerve
capture, enamour
capture, trance
capture, catch
capture, becharm
capture, enamor
capture, captivate
capture, beguile
capture, charm
capture, fascinate
capture, bewitch
capture, entrance
capture, enchant
antagonize, antagonise
tempt, invite
attract, appeal
disgust, revolt
disgust, nauseate
disgust, sicken
repel, repulse
shock, floor
overwhelm, overpower
overwhelm, whelm
overwhelm, overcome
overwhelm, overtake
shock, offend
shock, scandalize
shock, scandalise
shock, appal
shock, appall
shock, outrage
elate, uplift
elate, intoxicate
exhilarate, inebriate
exhilarate, thrill
exhilarate, exalt
exhilarate, beatify
inspire, animate
inspire, invigorate
inspire, enliven
inspire, exalt
gladden, joy
rejoice, joy
depress, deject
depress, dismay
depress, dispirit
depress, demoralize
depress, demoralise
comfort, soothe
comfort, console
comfort, solace
still, allay
still, relieve
still, ease
please, delight
satisfy, gratify
enchant, enrapture
enchant, transport
enchant, enthrall
enchant, ravish
enchant, enthral
enchant, delight
disenchant, disillusion
cheer, hearten
cheer, recreate
cheer, embolden
spur, goad
intimidate, restrain
dither, flap
dither, pother
enjoy, bask
enjoy, relish
enjoy, savor
enjoy, savour
exacerbate, exasperate
exacerbate, aggravate
fascinate, transfix
fascinate, grip
fascinate, spellbind
startle, galvanize
startle, galvanise
bore, tire
commiserate, sympathize
commiserate, sympathise
sympathize, sympathise
wallow, rejoice
wallow, triumph
estrange, alienate
estrange, alien
estrange, disaffect
wish, care
wish, like
begrudge, resent
desire, want
itch, spoil
hope, trust
hope, desire
envy, begrudge
salivate, drool
hanker, long
hanker, yearn
love, enjoy
glow, beam
glow, radiate
glow, shine
travel, go
travel, move
travel, locomote
travel, trip
travel, jaunt
junketeer, junket
repair, resort
visit, inspect
frequent, haunt
travel, journey
voyage, sail
voyage, navigate
travel, journey
go, depart
move, displace
center, centre
siphon, syphon
transplant, transfer
migrate, transmigrate
stay, stick
restart, re-start
jumpstart, jump-start
jumpstart, jump
halt, hold
halt, arrest
stop, halt
stall, conk
ply, run
start, go
lurch, pitch
lurch, shift
jolt, jar
wallow, welter
roll, revolve
waver, weave
writhe, wrestle
writhe, wriggle
writhe, worm
writhe, squirm
writhe, twist
wobble, coggle
sidle, sashay
sweep, sail
brush, sweep
skid, slip
skid, slue
skid, slew
skid, slide
wamble, waggle
shimmy, wobble
jostle, shove
push, force
rock, sway
rock, shake
rock, sway
fluctuate, vacillate
fluctuate, waver
swing, sway
oscillate, vibrate
flicker, waver
flicker, flitter
flicker, flutter
flicker, quiver
pulsate, throb
pulsate, pulse
pulsate, beat
pulsate, quiver
palpitate, flutter
beat, pound
beat, thump
teeter, seesaw
teeter, totter
roll, wander
roll, swan
roll, stray
roll, tramp
roll, roam
roll, cast
roll, ramble
roll, rove
roll, range
roll, drift
roll, vagabond
gallivant, gad
weave, wind
weave, thread
weave, meander
weave, wander
shift, dislodge
shift, reposition
frolic, lark
frolic, rollick
frolic, skylark
frolic, disport
frolic, sport
frolic, cavort
frolic, gambol
frolic, frisk
frolic, romp
forge, spurt
forge, spirt
buck, jerk
buck, hitch
cant, tilt
cant, slant
cant, pitch
careen, wobble
careen, shift
careen, tilt
scend, surge
churn, boil
churn, moil
churn, roil
crawl, creep
slither, slide
wheel, roll
steal, slip
tremor, quake
shudder, shiver
shudder, throb
shudder, thrill
quiver, quake
quiver, palpitate
shake, agitate
convulse, thresh
convulse, thrash
convulse, slash
convulse, toss
convulse, jactitate
judder, shake
jerk, twitch
bounce, resile
bounce, spring
bounce, bound
bounce, rebound
bounce, recoil
bounce, reverberate
bounce, ricochet
bounce, jounce
flip, toss
capsize, turtle
flip, flick
flip, twitch
snap, click
stir, shift
stir, budge
stir, agitate
arouse, stir
chasse, sashay
bop, bebop
tapdance, tap
contradance, country-dance
contradance, contredanse
rhumba, rumba
jiggle, joggle
jiggle, wiggle
wag, waggle
flit, flutter
flit, fleet
flit, dart
stumble, trip
stumble, falter
stumble, bumble
falter, waver
trot, jog
trot, clip
roll, undulate
roll, flap
roll, wave
scurry, scamper
scurry, skitter
scurry, scuttle
float, drift
float, blow
tide, surge
float, swim
foot, hoof
overturn, upset
startle, jump
startle, start
traipse, shlep
circumnavigate, compass
sneak, mouse
sneak, creep
sneak, pussyfoot
traverse, track
traverse, cover
traverse, cross
tittup, swagger
tittup, ruffle
tittup, prance
tittup, strut
tittup, sashay
tittup, cock
sleepwalk, somnambulate
limp, gimp
limp, hobble
limp, hitch
shuffle, scuffle
shuffle, shamble
scuff, drag
stroll, saunter
amble, mosey
toddle, coggle
toddle, totter
toddle, dodder
toddle, paddle
toddle, waddle
slog, footslog
slog, plod
slog, trudge
slog, pad
slog, tramp
squelch, squish
squelch, splash
squelch, splosh
squelch, slosh
squelch, slop
clamber, scramble
clamber, shin
clamber, shinny
clamber, skin
clamber, struggle
clamber, sputter
climb, mount
rappel, abseil
tiptoe, tip
tiptoe, tippytoe
parade, troop
parade, promenade
parade, exhibit
parade, march
stagger, reel
stagger, keel
stagger, lurch
stagger, swag
stagger, careen
stagger, flounder
stomp, stamp
stomp, stump
lumber, pound
stray, err
stray, drift
backpack, pack
run, consort
luff, point
tread, trample
clump, clomp
drive, motor
drive, take
steer, maneuver
steer, manoeuver
steer, manoeuvre
steer, direct
steer, point
steer, head
steer, guide
steer, channelize
steer, channelise
navigate, pilot
channel, canalize
channel, canalise
corner, tree
bicycle, cycle
bicycle, bike
bicycle, pedal
bicycle, wheel
motorbike, motorcycle
motorbike, cycle
train, rail
sled, sleigh
dogsled, mush
bobsled, bob
toboggan, luge
fly, wing
fly, aviate
fly, pilot
plane, skim
sailplane, soar
hydroplane, seaplane
soar, surge
soar, zoom
rocket, skyrocket
levitate, hover
steamer, steam
scud, rack
jibe, gybe
jibe, jib
surfboard, surf
taxi, cab
transport, send
transport, ship
air-ship, airfreight
air-ship, air-freight
send, direct
redirect, airt
desexualize, desexualise
dispatch, despatch
hedgehop, flat-hat
joyride, tool
hitchhike, hitch
hitchhike, thumb
ride, sit
unhorse, dismount
unhorse, light
gallop, extend
single-foot, rack
jump, leap
jump, bound
jump, spring
jump, leap
vault, overleap
hop, skip
hop, hop-skip
dive, plunge
dive, plunk
chute, parachute
chute, jump
rise, lift
rise, arise
rise, uprise
ascend, rise
rise, uprise
rise, ascend
descend, fall
decline, slump
decline, correct
sink, subside
sink, pass
sink, lapse
lift, raise
raise, lift
raise, elevate
raise, leaven
raise, prove
hike, boost
dip, douse
dip, duck
tumble, topple
plunge, dump
plummet, plump
alight, light
alight, perch
disembark, debark
embark, ship
down, land
land, shore
assume, take
assume, strike
rear, erect
rise, prove
arise, rise
arise, uprise
bristle, uprise
sag, droop
sag, swag
sag, flag
sink, drop
subside, settle
glycerolize, glycerolise
deglycerolize, deglycerolise
slump, sink
collapse, give
collapse, break
collapse, founder
collapse, burst
slump, slouch
sink, settle
surface, rise
well, swell
submerge, submerse
zigzag, crank
teeter-totter, teetertotter
teeter-totter, seesaw
advance, progress
encroach, infringe
encroach, impinge
withdraw, retreat
withdraw, recede
withdraw, retire
retrograde, retreat
draw, pull
proceed, continue
march, process
lag, dawdle
scale, surmount
precede, lead
lead, head
lead, take
lead, direct
lead, conduct
lead, guide
mislead, misdirect
mislead, misguide
usher, show
pursue, follow
chase, trail
chase, tail
chase, tag
chase, dog
chase, track
hound, hunt
hound, trace
haunt, stalk
trace, retrace
arrive, get
arrive, come
reach, hit
reach, attain
depart, quit
decamp, skip
decamp, vamoose
scram, get
tarry, linger
dally, dawdle
derail, jump
transfer, shift
depart, part
depart, start
exit, leave
emplane, enplane
intrude, irrupt
transgress, trespass
transgress, overstep
infest, overrun
reach, make
reach, attain
reach, hit
reach, gain
summit, breast
reach, make
ground, strand
meet, encounter
meet, see
intersect, cross
cluster, constellate
cluster, flock
cluster, clump
see, escort
chaperone, chaperon
pour, swarm
pour, stream
pour, teem
pour, pullulate
herd, crowd
disperse, dissipate
disperse, scatter
disband, dissolve
separate, part
separate, split
disperse, dissipate
disperse, dispel
disperse, scatter
separate, divide
sprawl, straggle
swerve, sheer
swerve, curve
swerve, trend
swerve, veer
swerve, slue
swerve, slew
swerve, cut
deflect, bend
crook, curve
arch, curve
arch, arc
hunch, hump
straighten, unbend
bend, flex
retroflex, replicate
slope, incline
slope, pitch
lean, tilt
lean, tip
lean, slant
lean, angle
list, heel
list, lean
dip, sink
ripple, ruffle
ripple, riffle
ripple, cockle
ripple, undulate
curtsy, curtsey
scrape, kowtow
scrape, genuflect
billow, surge
billow, heave
billow, wallow
crumble, crumple
crumble, tumble
crumble, collapse
burrow, tunnel
circulate, distribute
circularize, circularise
orb, orbit
orb, revolve
circle, circulate
revolve, rotate
rotate, circumvolve
pivot, swivel
spin, whirl
spin, reel
spin, gyrate
centrifuge, centrifugate
eddy, purl
eddy, whirlpool
eddy, swirl
eddy, whirl
whirl, tumble
whirl, birl
whirl, spin
whirl, twirl
birl, birle
twirl, swirl
twirl, twiddle
twirl, whirl
gyrate, spiral
gyrate, coil
corkscrew, spiral
pass, overtake
pass, overhaul
negotiate, negociate
make, work
fumble, blunder
approach, near
push, crowd
unfold, stretch
unfold, extend
tear, shoot
tear, charge
tear, buck
zoom, whizz
bustle, hustle
linger, dawdle
drag, trail
rush, hotfoot
rush, hasten
rush, hie
rush, speed
rush, race
race, rush
trail, shack
diffuse, spread
run, bleed
flinch, squinch
flinch, funk
flinch, cringe
flinch, shrink
flinch, wince
flinch, recoil
flinch, quail
dart, dash
dart, scoot
dart, scud
dart, flash
dart, shoot
lunge, hurl
lunge, hurtle
lunge, thrust
crouch, stoop
crouch, bend
crouch, bow
fawn, crawl
fawn, creep
fawn, cringe
fawn, cower
fawn, grovel
huddle, cower
throng, mob
throng, pack
throng, pile
throng, jam
pounce, swoop
deviate, divert
sidetrack, depart
sidetrack, digress
sidetrack, straggle
flow, flux
transpire, transpirate
run, flow
run, feed
run, course
spurt, spirt
spurt, gush
spurt, spout
hiss, whoosh
woosh, whoosh
decant, pour
trickle, dribble
trickle, filter
leach, percolate
seep, ooze
overflow, overrun
edge, inch
elapse, lapse
elapse, pass
fly, fell
fly, vanish
abscond, bolt
abscond, absquatulate
abscond, decamp
elude, evade
elude, bilk
scat, run
scat, scarper
scat, lam
scat, bunk
scat, escape
flee, fly
take, make
vacate, empty
vacate, abandon
bring, convey
bring, take
impart, conduct
impart, transmit
impart, convey
impart, carry
impart, channel
clear, top
outdistance, outstrip
outdistance, distance
start, protrude
start, pop
start, bulge
spread, scatter
manure, muck
birdlime, lime
bestir, rouse
remove, transfer
transfer, change
step, tread
beat, flap
beat, flap
flail, thresh
thrust, stuff
thrust, shove
thrust, squeeze
bed-hop, bedhop
plow, plough
topple, tumble
topple, tip
pull, draw
hit, strike
jump, leap
record, register
feel, sense
perceive, comprehend
experience, receive
experience, have
experience, get
get, receive
hit, strike
suffer, endure
catch, get
suffer, meet
experience, see
sun, insolate
sun, solarize
sun, solarise
solarize, solarise
solarize, solarise
solarize, solarise
photosensitize, photosensitise
desensitize, desensitise
numb, benumb
numb, blunt
numb, dull
stun, bedaze
stun, daze
besot, stupefy
sensitize, sensitise
stimulate, excite
stimulate, stir
fellate, suck
fellate, blow
whet, quicken
notice, mark
notice, note
note, observe
chafe, gall
chafe, fret
rub, scratch
rub, itch
tickle, titillate
tickle, vellicate
bite, sting
bite, burn
nettle, urticate
hurt, ache
hurt, suffer
ache, smart
ache, hurt
tingle, prickle
prickle, prick
prick, sting
prick, twinge
reek, stink
sniff, whiff
scent, nose
scent, wind
odorize, odourise
odorize, scent
snuff, snuffle
perfume, aromatize
perfume, aromatise
cense, incense
cense, thurify
deodorize, deodorise
deodorize, deodourise
fumigate, fume
miss, lose
witness, find
witness, see
view, consider
examine, see
gaze, stare
regard, consider
look, appear
look, seem
appear, seem
reflect, reverberate
disclose, expose
expose, exhibit
expose, display
flaunt, flash
flaunt, ostentate
flaunt, swank
model, pose
model, sit
model, posture
uncover, unveil
uncover, reveal
excavate, unearth
hide, conceal
obstruct, block
dissemble, cloak
dissemble, mask
harbor, harbour
harbor, shield
show, demo
show, exhibit
show, present
show, demonstrate
watch, view
watch, see
watch, catch
visualize, visualise
scan, skim
scan, rake
flick, flip
flick, thumb
flick, riffle
flick, leaf
flick, riff
search, look
descry, spot
descry, espy
descry, spy
detect, observe
detect, find
detect, discover
detect, notice
vanish, disappear
obscure, befog
obscure, becloud
obscure, obnubilate
obscure, fog
obscure, cloud
obscure, mist
eclipse, occult
disguise, mask
orient, orientate
reorientate, reorient
disorient, disorientate
flash, blink
flash, wink
flash, twinkle
flash, winkle
flicker, flick
gleam, glimmer
glow, beam
glow, radiate
glow, shine
dim, dip
dazzle, bedazzle
dazzle, daze
glitter, glisten
glitter, glint
glitter, gleam
glitter, shine
monitor, supervise
spy, sight
goggle, gape
goggle, gawp
goggle, gawk
glance, peek
glance, glint
study, consider
eye, eyeball
scout, reconnoiter
scout, reconnoitre
intrude, pry
intrude, nose
intrude, poke
attend, hang
attend, advert
listen, hear
whine, squeak
whine, screech
whine, creak
whine, screak
whine, skreak
clatter, clack
clatter, brattle
stridulate, clitter
jingle, jingle-jangle
jingle, jangle
clang, clangor
clangor, clangour
drum, beat
drum, thrum
crepitate, crackle
tick, ticktock
tick, ticktack
tick, beat
resonate, vibrate
sound, go
tweet, twirp
pink, ping
pink, knock
strum, thrum
ring, peal
ding, dong
ding, dingdong
ring, knell
buzz, bombinate
buzz, bombilate
blast, blare
snap, crack
honk, blare
honk, beep
honk, claxon
honk, toot
resound, echo
resound, ring
resound, reverberate
thud, thump
crump, thud
crump, scrunch
clop, clump
clop, clunk
clop, plunk
patter, pitter-patter
tap, rap
tap, knock
tap, pink
click, tick
chatter, click
tinkle, tink
tinkle, clink
tinkle, chink
splash, splosh
splash, slosh
splash, slush
hum, thrum
rumble, grumble
boom, din
ripple, babble
ripple, guggle
ripple, burble
ripple, bubble
ripple, gurgle
lap, swish
lap, swosh
lap, swoosh
whizz, whiz
whizz, whirr
whizz, whir
whizz, birr
whizz, purr
wiretap, tap
wiretap, intercept
wiretap, bug
catch, overhear
catch, get
hark, harken
hark, hearken
deafen, deaf
quieten, hush
quieten, quiet
quieten, quiesce
gag, muzzle
muffle, mute
muffle, dull
muffle, damp
muffle, dampen
season, flavor
season, flavour
zest, spice
spot, recognize
spot, recognise
spot, distinguish
spot, discern
savor, savour
savor, savour
taste, savor
taste, savour
smack, taste
smack, reek
smack, smell
disgust, revolt
disgust, repel
sicken, nauseate
sweeten, dulcify
sweeten, edulcorate
sweeten, dulcorate
sugar, saccharify
sugarcoat, glaze
sugarcoat, candy
sour, acidify
sour, acidulate
sour, acetify
surveil, follow
surveil, survey
give, gift
give, present
endow, dower
tip, fee
tip, bung
keep, maintain
have, hold
monopolize, monopolise
wield, exert
wield, maintain
own, have
own, possess
stumble, hit
buy, purchase
lease, rent
lease, hire
lease, charter
lease, engage
lease, take
lease, let
lease, rent
sublet, sublease
subscribe, take
take, accept
receive, have
get, acquire
deny, refuse
deny, abnegate
immobilize, immobilise
withhold, deduct
withhold, recoup
subsidize, subsidise
subsidize, subsidise
fund-raise, fundraise
computerize, computerise
sponsor, patronize
sponsor, patronise
alien, alienate
desacralize, secularize
discard, fling
discard, toss
discard, dispose
trash, junk
trash, scrap
dump, ditch
save, preserve
stint, skimp
stint, scant
terrace, terrasse
reclaim, recover
chuck, ditch
foreswear, renounce
foreswear, quit
foreswear, relinquish
maroon, strand
assign, allot
assign, portion
bequeath, will
bequeath, leave
fall, return
fall, pass
fall, devolve
fall, light
accrue, fall
pass, hand
pass, reach
pass, give
slip, sneak
convey, transmit
convey, communicate
post, carry
allocate, apportion
reapportion, reallocate
surrender, cede
surrender, deliver
accept, take
accept, have
accept, admit
accept, take
refuse, reject
refuse, decline
honor, honour
dishonor, dishonour
procure, secure
engage, enlist
extort, squeeze
extort, rack
extort, gouge
extort, wring
realize, realise
auction, auctioneer
deal, sell
deal, trade
fetch, bring
recover, retrieve
recover, find
recover, regain
find, happen
find, chance
find, bump
find, encounter
recover, recoup
recover, recuperate
recoup, reimburse
compensate, recompense
compensate, remunerate
compensate, recompense
compensate, repair
compensate, indemnify
pay, compensate
accord, allot
accord, grant
allow, grant
prize, value
prize, treasure
prize, appreciate
ransom, redeem
exchange, change
exchange, interchange
substitute, replace
substitute, interchange
substitute, exchange
substitute, sub
trade, swap
trade, swop
trade, switch
haggle, higgle
haggle, chaffer
haggle, huckster
dicker, bargain
trade, merchandise
award, present
award, grant
present, submit
confer, bestow
lavish, shower
account, calculate
penny-pinch, nickel-and-dime
spend, expend
spend, drop
take, occupy
waste, blow
waste, squander
splurge, fling
conserve, husband
conserve, economize
conserve, economise
rationalize, rationalise
scrounge, forage
schnorr, shnorr
schnorr, scrounge
schnorr, cadge
mooch, bum
mooch, cadge
mooch, grub
mooch, sponge
invest, put
invest, commit
invest, place
speculate, job
appropriate, capture
appropriate, seize
appropriate, conquer
impound, attach
impound, sequester
impound, confiscate
impound, seize
garnishee, garnish
assume, usurp
assume, seize
assume, arrogate
claim, arrogate
reclaim, repossess
arrogate, assign
pilfer, cabbage
pilfer, purloin
pilfer, pinch
pilfer, abstract
pilfer, snarf
pilfer, swipe
pilfer, hook
pilfer, sneak
pilfer, filch
pilfer, nobble
pilfer, lift
rustle, lift
plagiarize, plagiarise
plagiarize, lift
capitalize, capitalise
conserve, preserve
conserve, maintain
retain, hold
bribe, corrupt
bribe, buy
refund, return
refund, repay
stock, carry
stock, stockpile
find, regain
foot, pick
pinpoint, nail
acquire, win
acquire, gain
gain, clear
gain, make
gain, earn
gain, realize
gain, realise
earn, garner
profit, gain
profit, benefit
net, sack
net, clear
net, clear
yield, pay
yield, bear
derive, gain
pocket, bag
embezzle, defalcate
embezzle, peculate
embezzle, misappropriate
embezzle, malversate
reap, draw
share, apportion
share, deal
distribute, administer
distribute, deal
distribute, lot
distribute, dispense
distribute, allot
partake, share
communalize, communalise
impart, leave
impart, give
signalize, signalise
offer, proffer
offer, extend
extend, offer
offer, bid
offer, tender
pledge, subscribe
bid, call
bear, accept
bear, assume
bear, hold
peddle, monger
peddle, huckster
peddle, hawk
peddle, vend
peddle, pitch
forfeit, waive
forfeit, forgo
forfeit, forego
recapture, retake
hoard, stash
hoard, cache
levy, impose
tax, assess
contribute, give
give, apply
render, return
render, submit
restore, restitute
deposit, bank
withdraw, draw
recall, withdraw
divest, disinvest
deprive, strip
deprive, divest
deplume, displume
disinherit, disown
release, relinquish
release, resign
release, free
concede, yield
concede, cede
concede, grant
grant, give
beggar, pauperize
beggar, pauperise
bankrupt, ruin
bankrupt, break
bankrupt, smash
overcharge, soak
overcharge, surcharge
overcharge, gazump
overcharge, fleece
overcharge, plume
overcharge, pluck
overcharge, rob
overcharge, hook
charge, bill
hook, snitch
hook, thieve
hook, cop
hook, glom
hustle, pluck
hustle, roll
lend, loan
lend, impart
lend, bestow
lend, contribute
lend, add
lend, bring
instill, transfuse
shop, browse
supply, provide
supply, render
supply, furnish
capitalize, capitalise
air-cool, air-condition
bewhisker, whisker
surfeit, cloy
locate, place
locate, site
glass, glaze
crenel, crenelate
crenel, crenellate
canal, canalize
canal, canalise
computerize, computerise
provision, purvey
yield, give
yield, afford
equip, fit
equip, outfit
transistorize, transistorise
re-equip, rejig
armor, armour
accouter, accoutre
vitaminize, vitaminise
thrive, prosper
thrive, flourish
sacrifice, give
requite, repay
reward, repay
plunder, despoil
plunder, loot
plunder, reave
plunder, strip
plunder, rifle
plunder, ransack
plunder, pillage
plunder, foray
sack, plunder
loot, plunder
scrimp, stint
scrimp, skimp
adopt, borrow
adopt, follow
adopt, espouse
pawn, soak
pawn, hock
consign, charge
commit, institutionalize
commit, institutionalise
commit, send
commit, charge
hospitalize, hospitalise
entrust, intrust
entrust, trust
entrust, confide
entrust, commit
harbor, harbour
rid, free
rid, disembarrass
dump, underprice
rig, manipulate
undersell, undercut
amortize, amortise
joint, articulate
have, get
have, make
entrust, leave
fuel, fire
flood, oversupply
flood, glut
save, economize
save, economise
afford, open
afford, give
reflectorize, reflectorise
border, edge
fee-tail, entail
deaerate, de-aerate
desulfurize, desulphurize
vacate, resign
vacate, renounce
act, move
satisfice, satisfise
maneuver, manoeuver
maneuver, manoeuvre
go, proceed
go, move
venture, embark
steamroller, steamroll
prosecute, engage
prosecute, pursue
commit, practice
engage, wage
marginalize, marginalise
react, oppose
backfire, backlash
backfire, recoil
abdicate, renounce
retire, withdraw
accede, enter
assume, adopt
leave, depart
install, instal
induct, invest
induct, seat
divest, disinvest
ordain, consecrate
ordain, ordinate
ordain, order
invest, vest
invest, enthrone
invest, clothe
invest, adorn
socialize, socialise
prepare, groom
prepare, train
co-educate, coeducate
educate, school
educate, train
educate, cultivate
educate, civilize
educate, civilise
socialize, socialise
fraternize, fraternise
initiate, induct
crown, coronate
enthrone, throne
delegate, designate
delegate, depute
delegate, assign
transfer, reassign
fill, take
fill, occupy
depute, deputize
depute, deputise
substitute, deputize
substitute, deputise
delegate, depute
appoint, name
appoint, nominate
appoint, constitute
name, nominate
name, make
promote, upgrade
promote, advance
promote, raise
promote, elevate
ennoble, gentle
ennoble, entitle
baronetize, baronetise
lionize, lionise
lionize, celebrate
knight, dub
demote, bump
demote, relegate
demote, break
prefer, favor
prefer, favour
screen, sieve
screen, sort
reelect, return
nominate, propose
oust, expel
overthrow, subvert
overthrow, overturn
displace, fire
displace, can
displace, dismiss
displace, sack
displace, terminate
supplant, replace
supplant, supersede
supplant, supercede
preempt, displace
succeed, follow
tug, labor
tug, labour
tug, push
tug, drive
fight, struggle
overwork, exploit
hire, engage
hire, employ
sign, contract
retain, continue
retain, keep
fink, scab
fink, rat
fink, blackleg
wait, waitress
belabor, belabour
potter, putter
busy, occupy
dabble, smatter
collaborate, cooperate
idle, laze
idle, slug
idle, stagnate
daydream, moon
play, recreate
dabble, paddle
labor, labour
labor, toil
labor, fag
labor, travail
labor, grind
labor, drudge
labor, dig
labor, moil
free, liberate
free, release
free, unloose
free, unloosen
free, loose
free, discharge
restrain, keep
let, allow
let, permit
inhibit, suppress
repress, quash
repress, subdue
repress, subjugate
repress, reduce
oppress, suppress
oppress, crush
volunteer, offer
restore, reinstate
restore, reestablish
establish, found
establish, launch
ordain, enact
adjourn, withdraw
adjourn, retire
meet, gather
meet, assemble
meet, forgather
meet, foregather
disassociate, dissociate
disassociate, divorce
disassociate, disunite
disassociate, disjoint
imprint, form
separate, part
separate, split
separate, break
administer, administrate
organize, organise
territorialize, territorialise
reorganize, reorganise
reorganize, reorganise
reorganize, regroup
retool, revise
collectivize, collectivise
sovietize, sovietise
unionize, unionise
unionize, organize
unionize, organise
infiltrate, penetrate
unionize, unionise
disorganize, disorganise
manage, deal
manage, care
manage, handle
dally, toy
dally, play
dally, flirt
mismanage, mishandle
mismanage, misconduct
guide, steer
chair, chairman
head, lead
control, command
internationalize, internationalise
monopolize, monopolise
harness, rein
oversee, supervise
oversee, superintend
oversee, manage
operate, run
license, licence
license, certify
decertify, derecognize
decertify, derecognise
conduct, deal
be, follow
specialize, specialise
certify, endorse
certify, indorse
form, organize
form, organise
exclude, shut
admit, include
prevent, keep
impede, hinder
prevent, forestall
prevent, foreclose
prevent, preclude
prevent, forbid
debar, forefend
debar, forfend
debar, obviate
debar, deflect
debar, avert
debar, avoid
privilege, favor
privilege, favour
back, endorse
back, indorse
back, support
poll, canvass
poll, canvas
circularize, circularise
patrol, police
watch, observe
watch, follow
baby-sit, sit
bury, entomb
bury, inhume
bury, inter
disinter, exhume
respect, honor
respect, honour
respect, observe
canvass, canvas
lobby, buttonhole
house, domiciliate
rent, lease
rent, hire
rent, charter
rent, lease
subcontract, job
fiddle, shirk
fiddle, goldbrick
malinger, skulk
spare, save
favor, favour
sign, ratify
co-sign, cosign
ostracize, ostracise
dismiss, drop
patronize, patronise
patronize, shop
patronize, frequent
patronize, sponsor
legislate, pass
liberalize, liberalise
liberalize, liberalise
divide, split
divide, separate
divide, dissever
sectionalize, sectionalise
unitize, unitise
sliver, splinter
Balkanize, Balkanise
unite, unify
consociate, associate
reunify, reunite
enroll, inscribe
enroll, enter
enroll, enrol
enroll, recruit
cross-file, register
inventory, stock-take
empanel, impanel
veto, blackball
veto, negative
kill, defeat
empower, authorise
empower, authorize
endow, indue
endow, gift
endow, empower
endow, invest
endow, endue
accredit, recognize
accredit, recognise
appoint, charge
defrock, unfrock
disenfranchise, disfranchise
affranchise, enfranchise
cancel, scratch
cancel, scrub
invalidate, annul
invalidate, quash
invalidate, void
invalidate, avoid
invalidate, nullify
validate, formalize
validate, formalise
formalize, formalise
issue, supply
outlaw, criminalize
outlaw, criminalise
outlaw, illegalize
outlaw, illegalise
monetize, monetise
legalize, legalise
legalize, decriminalize
legalize, decriminalise
legalize, legitimize
legalize, legitimise
legalize, legitimate
legalize, legitimatize
legalize, legitimatise
desegregate, integrate
desegregate, mix
murder, slay
murder, hit
murder, dispatch
murder, off
murder, remove
draw, quarter
pillory, gibbet
shoot, pip
electrocute, fry
visit, call
marry, wed
marry, conjoin
marry, espouse
marry, wed
marry, tie
marry, splice
solemnize, solemnise
pair, couple
celebrate, fete
revel, racket
revel, jollify
revel, wassail
amuse, divert
amuse, disport
visit, see
carouse, roister
carouse, riot
ban, censor
free, release
imprison, incarcerate
imprison, lag
imprison, immure
imprison, jail
imprison, jug
imprison, gaol
imprison, remand
raid, bust
confine, detain
manumit, emancipate
subjugate, subject
emancipate, liberate
reserve, hold
reserve, book
ticket, fine
expatriate, deport
expatriate, exile
punish, penalize
punish, penalise
victimize, victimise
hear, try
rehear, retry
judge, adjudicate
judge, try
suspend, debar
admit, intromit
reject, refuse
extradite, deliver
extradite, deport
banish, relegate
banish, bar
banish, ban
banish, ostracize
banish, ostracise
banish, shun
banish, blackball
banish, ban
coerce, hale
coerce, squeeze
coerce, pressure
coerce, force
steamroller, steamroll
dragoon, sandbag
dragoon, railroad
terrorize, terrorise
compel, oblige
compel, obligate
trouble, inconvenience
trouble, disoblige
trouble, discommode
trouble, incommode
trouble, bother
stigmatize, stigmatise
stigmatize, brand
stigmatize, denounce
stigmatize, mark
scant, skimp
localize, localise
control, hold
control, contain
control, check
control, curb
control, moderate
regulate, regularize
regulate, regularise
regulate, order
regulate, govern
zone, district
discriminate, separate
disadvantage, disfavor
disadvantage, disfavour
treat, handle
brutalize, brutalise
skimp, scant
mistreat, maltreat
mistreat, abuse
mistreat, ill-use
mistreat, step
mistreat, ill-treat
misbehave, misconduct
misbehave, misdemean
condescend, stoop
behave, acquit
behave, bear
behave, deport
behave, conduct
behave, comport
behave, carry
pose, posture
attitudinize, attitudinise
behave, comport
right, compensate
right, redress
right, correct
over-correct, overcompensate
expiate, aby
expiate, abye
expiate, atone
control, verify
protest, resist
protest, dissent
demonstrate, march
do, manage
pass, clear
fail, flunk
fail, bomb
succeed, win
work, act
achieve, accomplish
achieve, attain
achieve, reach
wangle, finagle
wangle, manage
botch, bodge
botch, bumble
botch, fumble
botch, muff
botch, blow
botch, flub
botch, spoil
botch, bungle
botch, fluff
botch, bollix
botch, bollocks
botch, bobble
botch, mishandle
fail, miscarry
fail, neglect
try, seek
try, attempt
try, essay
try, assay
endeavor, endeavour
endeavor, strive
test, prove
test, try
test, examine
test, essay
screen, test
breathalyze, breathalyse
democratize, democratise
democratize, democratise
waive, relinquish
waive, forgo
waive, forego
waive, foreswear
woo, court
woo, romance
woo, solicit
woo, court
secede, splinter
influence, work
color, colour
betray, sell
bind, tie
bind, attach
bind, bond
uproot, deracinate
intervene, interfere
intervene, interpose
meddle, tamper
dominate, master
rear, raise
rear, nurture
rear, parent
serve, attend
serve, assist
service, serve
comply, follow
sabotage, undermine
sabotage, countermine
sabotage, counteract
sabotage, subvert
sabotage, weaken
counteract, countervail
counteract, neutralize
counteract, counterbalance
gamble, chance
gamble, risk
gamble, hazard
gamble, adventure
venture, hazard
venture, adventure
venture, stake
venture, jeopardize
honor, honour
honor, reward
recognize, recognise
ennoble, dignify
dishonor, disgrace
dishonor, dishonour
dishonor, attaint
dishonor, shame
help, assist
help, aid
succor, succour
expedite, hasten
attend, look
attend, see
mother, fuss
mother, overprotect
salvage, salve
salvage, relieve
salvage, save
rescue, deliver
deliver, redeem
deliver, save
restore, reconstruct
discipline, correct
discipline, train
discipline, check
discipline, condition
street-walk, streetwalk
foster, further
promote, advance
promote, boost
promote, further
promote, encourage
contribute, lead
contribute, conduce
second, back
second, endorse
second, indorse
obstruct, blockade
obstruct, block
obstruct, hinder
obstruct, stymie
obstruct, stymy
obstruct, embarrass
thwart, queer
thwart, spoil
thwart, scotch
thwart, foil
thwart, cross
thwart, frustrate
thwart, baffle
thwart, bilk
stop, halt
stop, block
stop, kibosh
enforce, implement
enforce, apply
enforce, impose
make, do
practice, apply
practice, use
do, perform
underachieve, underperform
run, execute
dispatch, discharge
dispatch, complete
exempt, relieve
exempt, free
antagonize, antagonise
antagonize, counteract
countercheck, counteract
anticipate, foresee
anticipate, forestall
anticipate, counter
sin, transgress
sin, trespass
transgress, offend
transgress, infract
transgress, violate
transgress, breach
transgress, break
conflict, infringe
conflict, contravene
rape, ravish
rape, violate
rape, assault
rape, dishonor
rape, dishonour
rape, outrage
desecrate, profane
desecrate, outrage
desecrate, violate
sodomize, sodomise
sodomize, bugger
sodomize, sodomise
practice, practise
practice, exercise
practice, do
shamanize, shamanise
overdo, exaggerate
undertake, tackle
impinge, encroach
impinge, entrench
impinge, trench
pamper, featherbed
pamper, cosset
pamper, cocker
pamper, baby
pamper, coddle
pamper, mollycoddle
pamper, spoil
pamper, indulge
trespass, intrude
burglarize, burglarise
burglarize, burgle
burglarize, heist
heed, mind
heed, listen
victimize, swindle
victimize, rook
victimize, goldbrick
victimize, nobble
victimize, diddle
victimize, bunco
victimize, defraud
victimize, scam
victimize, mulct
victimize, gyp
victimize, gip
victimize, hornswoggle
victimize, short-change
victimize, con
short-change, short
cheat, chisel
beat, bunk
welsh, welch
victimize, victimise
cheat, chisel
deceive, delude
deceive, cozen
flim-flam, trick
flim-flam, fob
flim-flam, fox
fool, gull
fool, befool
fudge, manipulate
fudge, fake
fudge, falsify
fudge, cook
fudge, wangle
fudge, misrepresent
ensnare, entrap
ensnare, frame
juggle, beguile
juggle, hoodwink
observe, celebrate
observe, keep
observe, keep
solemnize, solemnise
corrupt, pervert
corrupt, subvert
corrupt, demoralize
corrupt, demoralise
corrupt, debauch
corrupt, debase
corrupt, profane
corrupt, vitiate
corrupt, deprave
corrupt, misdirect
bastardize, bastardise
blackmail, blackjack
blackmail, pressure
defend, represent
action, sue
action, litigate
action, process
perpetrate, commit
perpetrate, pull
rebel, arise
rebel, rise
rebel, renegade
resist, balk
resist, baulk
resist, jib
defect, desert
agitate, foment
persecute, oppress
carry, persuade
carry, sway
charm, becharm
govern, rule
tyrannize, tyrannise
cope, contend
cope, grapple
cope, deal
cope, manage
improvise, extemporize
hack, cut
relegate, submit
consort, associate
consort, affiliate
consort, assort
crusade, fight
crusade, press
crusade, campaign
crusade, push
crusade, agitate
colonize, colonise
decolonize, decolonise
philander, womanize
philander, womanise
condescend, deign
condescend, descend
emcee, compere
frivol, trifle
invigilate, proctor
meet, match
assemble, gather
begin, start
address, call
relax, loosen
relax, loosen
unite, unify
straiten, distress
exist, be
neighbor, neighbour
neighbor, neighbour
begin, start
begin, start
end, stop
end, finish
end, terminate
end, cease
conclude, close
specify, define
specify, delineate
specify, delimit
specify, delimitate
fall, shine
fall, strike
cut, skip
be, live
bachelor, bach
exist, survive
exist, live
exist, subsist
freewheel, drift
do, fare
do, come
survive, last
survive, live
survive, go
survive, endure
outlive, outlast
outlive, survive
succumb, yield
constitute, represent
constitute, comprise
constitute, be
form, constitute
form, make
separate, divide
connect, link
connect, join
connect, unite
complect, interconnect
complect, interlink
form, spring
originate, arise
originate, rise
originate, develop
originate, uprise
originate, grow
come, follow
become, turn
come, amount
necessitate, ask
necessitate, postulate
necessitate, need
necessitate, require
necessitate, take
necessitate, involve
necessitate, demand
obviate, eliminate
incorporate, contain
incorporate, comprise
embrace, encompass
embrace, comprehend
embrace, cover
have, feature
unite, combine
sport, feature
sport, boast
miss, lack
consist, comprise
equate, correspond
result, ensue
entail, implicate
entail, imply
entail, mean
leave, result
leave, lead
imply, involve
incriminate, imply
incriminate, inculpate
bide, abide
bide, stay
overstay, outstay
adhere, stick
loiter, lounge
loiter, footle
loiter, lollygag
loiter, loaf
loiter, lallygag
loiter, tarry
loiter, linger
loiter, lurk
prowl, lurch
bum, loaf
bum, loll
lurk, skulk
hesitate, waver
hesitate, waffle
hover, linger
hesitate, pause
procrastinate, stall
procrastinate, shillyshally
procrastinate, dilly-dally
procrastinate, dillydally
postpone, prorogue
postpone, table
postpone, shelve
postpone, defer
postpone, remit
reprieve, respite
predominate, dominate
predominate, rule
predominate, reign
predominate, prevail
total, number
total, come
total, amount
preponderate, outweigh
preponderate, overbalance
preponderate, outbalance
count, matter
count, weigh
weigh, press
deserve, merit
prevail, persist
prevail, run
prevail, endure
prevail, hold
prevail, obtain
occupy, reside
occupy, fill
douse, dowse
populate, dwell
populate, live
populate, inhabit
reside, shack
reside, domicile
reside, domiciliate
lodge, accommodate
quarter, billet
quarter, canton
dwell, consist
dwell, lie
pertain, appertain
camp, encamp
camp, bivouac
camp, tent
invade, overrun
invade, infest
harbor, harbour
board, room
match, fit
match, correspond
match, check
match, jibe
match, gibe
match, tally
match, agree
twin, duplicate
twin, parallel
fit, go
coincide, co-occur
coincide, cooccur
deviate, vary
deviate, diverge
deviate, depart
contradict, belie
contradict, negate
corroborate, underpin
corroborate, support
rest, reside
rest, repose
equal, be
oppose, counterbalance
counterweight, counterpoise
counterweight, counterpose
contrast, counterpoint
clash, jar
clash, collide
meet, fit
behoove, behove
violate, break
exceed, transcend
exceed, overstep
exceed, pass
exceed, top
exceed, transcend
exceed, surpass
suffice, do
suffice, answer
suffice, serve
serve, function
satisfy, fulfill
satisfy, fulfil
equal, touch
equal, rival
equal, match
compensate, counterbalance
compensate, correct
cover, compensate
cover, overcompensate
balance, equilibrate
balance, equilibrize
balance, equilibrise
rank, outrank
excel, surpass
echo, recall
refer, pertain
refer, relate
refer, concern
refer, touch
apply, hold
involve, affect
involve, regard
embroil, tangle
embroil, sweep
embroil, drag
disinvolve, disembroil
disinvolve, disentangle
entangle, mire
concern, interest
concern, occupy
concern, worry
intrigue, fascinate
prolong, sustain
continue, uphold
continue, preserve
discontinue, stop
discontinue, cease
discontinue, quit
keep, maintain
keep, hold
continue, proceed
continue, keep
cross, traverse
cross, span
cross, sweep
reach, touch
run, go
run, pass
run, lead
run, extend
go, lead
run, lead
radiate, ray
roll, undulate
lead, top
cover, continue
cover, extend
spread, overspread
dot, stud
dot, constellate
range, straddle
localize, localise
localize, focalize
localize, focalise
precede, predate
cap, crest
front, look
front, face
subtend, delimit
situate, locate
place, localize
place, localise
dominate, command
dominate, overlook
dominate, overtop
shadow, overshadow
shadow, dwarf
loom, tower
loom, predominate
loom, hulk
rise, lift
rise, rear
endanger, jeopardize
endanger, jeopardise
endanger, menace
endanger, threaten
endanger, imperil
endanger, peril
overhang, beetle
embody, be
embody, personify
characterize, characterise
incarnate, embody
incarnate, substantiate
reincarnate, transmigrate
body, personify
typify, epitomize
typify, epitomise
represent, correspond
befit, suit
befit, beseem
harmonize, harmonise
harmonize, consort
harmonize, accord
harmonize, concord
harmonize, agree
blend, go
hold, bear
hold, carry
hold, contain
contain, take
contain, hold
cost, be
suit, accommodate
suit, fit
yield, relent
yield, soften
weigh, librate
last, endure
wear, endure
hover, vibrate
hover, vacillate
hover, oscillate
hum, buzz
hum, seethe
defy, withstand
defy, hold
weather, endure
weather, brave
defy, resist
defy, refuse
piddle, wanton
piddle, trifle
spend, pass
vacation, holiday
serve, do
winter, overwinter
converge, meet
bound, border
enclose, confine
predate, precede
predate, forego
predate, forgo
predate, antecede
predate, antedate
postdate, follow
orient, point
bulge, bag
teem, pullulate
teem, swarm
abound, burst
abound, bristle
company, companion
company, accompany
carry, pack
carry, take
dangle, swing
dangle, drop
droop, loll
cancel, offset
offset, countervail
disagree, disaccord
disagree, discord
gape, yawn
gape, yaw
sulk, pout
sulk, brood
tend, lean
tend, incline
tend, run
run, go
leave, allow
leave, provide
figure, enter
present, pose
ramp, rage
ramp, storm
elude, escape
exemplify, represent
become, suit
relate, interrelate
refrain, forbear
range, run
stay, continue
stay, remain
fall, come
read, say
persist, remain
persist, stay
lie, rest
count, number
accommodate, hold
accommodate, admit
keep, preserve
end, terminate
help, facilitate
define, delineate
derive, come
derive, descend
belong, go
wind, twist
wind, curve
synchronize, synchronise
synchronize, contemporize
synchronize, contemporise
meet, encounter
meet, receive
jumble, mingle
falter, waver
accept, take
drive, ride
hail, come
brood, hover
brood, loom
overshadow, dominate
overshadow, eclipse
admit, allow
deck, adorn
deck, decorate
deck, grace
deck, embellish
deck, beautify
rhyme, rime
summarize, summarise
summarize, sum
resist, reject
resist, refuse
bake, broil
dwell, inhabit
swim, drown
precipitate, fall
drizzle, mizzle
sprinkle, spit
sprinkle, spatter
sprinkle, patter
sprinkle, pitter-patter
pour, pelt
pour, stream
ignite, light
erupt, ignite
erupt, combust
erupt, conflagrate
kindle, enkindle
kindle, conflagrate
kindle, inflame
kindle, inflame
burn, combust
flare, flame
flicker, flick
shine, beam
twinkle, winkle
twinkle, scintillate
reflect, shine
sparkle, scintillate
sparkle, coruscate
spark, sparkle
fume, smoke
shadow, shade
burn, glow
thunder, boom
overcast, cloud
blight, plague
swamp, drench
char, coal
whole, unit
organism, being
person, individual
person, someone
person, somebody
person, mortal
person, soul
animal, beast
animal, brute
animal, creature
animal, fauna
plant, flora
food, nutrient
artifact, artefact
cognition, knowledge
cognition, noesis
motivation, motive
motivation, need
shape, form
space, infinite
act, deed
group, grouping
measure, quantity
measure, amount
kindness, benignity
accomplishment, achievement
beachhead, foothold
feat, effort
feat, exploit
interchange, reciprocation
interchange, give-and-take
cross-fertilization, cross-fertilisation
dealings, traffic
play, swordplay
acquiring, getting
causing, causation
departure, going
departure, leaving
discovery, find
discovery, uncovering
disposal, disposition
implementation, effectuation
egress, egression
egress, emergence
equalization, equalisation
equalization, leveling
exhumation, disinterment
mitzvah, mitsvah
propulsion, actuation
rally, rallying
recovery, retrieval
touch, touching
going, sledding
arrival, reaching
advent, coming
entrance, entering
entrance, entry
entrance, ingress
entrance, incoming
registration, enrollment
registration, enrolment
emergence, emersion
reappearance, return
return, homecoming
interpenetration, permeation
docking, moorage
docking, dockage
farewell, leave
farewell, leave-taking
farewell, parting
disappearance, disappearing
effacement, self-effacement
retirement, retreat
desertion, abandonment
desertion, defection
abscondment, decampment
emigration, out-migration
emigration, expatriation
immigration, in-migration
standdown, stand-down
disengagement, fallback
disengagement, pullout
receding, recession
debarkation, disembarkation
debarkation, disembarkment
boarding, embarkation
boarding, embarkment
escape, flight
slip, elusion
slip, eluding
maneuver, manoeuvre
break, breakout
break, jailbreak
break, gaolbreak
break, prisonbreak
break, prison-breaking
getaway, lam
exodus, hegira
exodus, hejira
Hegira, Hejira
dispatch, despatch
dispatch, shipment
realization, realisation
realization, fruition
orgasm, climax
orgasm, coming
fulfillment, fulfilment
self-fulfillment, self-realization
self-fulfillment, self-realisation
blockbuster, megahit
hit, smash
hit, smasher
hit, strike
hit, bang
passing, pass
passing, qualifying
nonaccomplishment, nonachievement
failing, flunk
capitulation, fall
capitulation, surrender
frustration, thwarting
frustration, foiling
overturn, upset
backsliding, lapse
backsliding, lapsing
backsliding, relapse
backsliding, relapsing
backsliding, reversion
backsliding, reverting
motivation, motivating
mistake, error
mistake, fault
error, misplay
blot, smear
blot, smirch
blot, spot
blot, stain
confusion, mix-up
miscalculation, misreckoning
miscalculation, misestimation
backfire, boomerang
slip, slip-up
slip, miscue
slip, parapraxis
oversight, lapse
omission, skip
blunder, blooper
blunder, bloomer
blunder, bungle
blunder, pratfall
blunder, foul-up
blunder, fuckup
blunder, flub
blunder, botch
blunder, boner
blunder, boo-boo
ballup, balls-up
ballup, cockup
ballup, mess-up
fumble, muff
trip, trip-up
trip, stumble
trip, misstep
spill, tumble
spill, fall
obtainment, obtention
catching, contracting
redemption, repurchase
redemption, buyback
buying, purchasing
viatication, viaticus
inheritance, heritage
procurement, procurance
procurement, procural
borrowing, adoption
naturalization, naturalisation
preemption, pre-emption
confiscation, arrogation
distress, distraint
impoundment, impounding
impoundment, internment
impoundment, poundage
impress, impressment
occupation, occupancy
preoccupancy, preoccupation
sequestration, requisition
grant, subsidization
grant, subsidisation
award, awarding
capture, seizure
apprehension, arrest
apprehension, catch
apprehension, collar
apprehension, pinch
conquest, conquering
conquest, subjection
conquest, subjugation
restitution, return
restitution, restoration
restitution, regaining
reception, receipt
auction, vendue
capitalization, capitalisation
overcapitalization, overcapitalisation
rescue, deliverance
rescue, delivery
rescue, saving
redemption, salvation
absolution, remission
absolution, remittal
conversion, rebirth
expiation, atonement
expiation, propitiation
reparation, amends
liberation, release
liberation, freeing
reclamation, reformation
recapture, retaking
performance, execution
mechanism, mechanics
extemporization, extemporisation
extemporization, improvisation
juggle, juggling
rendition, rendering
rendition, interpretation
automation, mechanization
automation, mechanisation
computerization, cybernation
motorization, motorisation
launching, launch
blastoff, shot
drive, thrust
impulse, impulsion
impulse, impetus
roll, bowl
heave, heaving
hurl, cast
pass, toss
pass, flip
pitch, delivery
beanball, beaner
change-up, change-of-pace
curve, bender
fastball, heater
fastball, smoke
fastball, hummer
fastball, bullet
knuckleball, knuckler
spitball, spitter
lay-up, layup
push, pushing
nudge, jog
press, pressure
press, pressing
jostle, jostling
pull, pulling
draw, haul
draw, haulage
tow, towage
tug, jerk
draft, draught
draft, drawing
extirpation, excision
extirpation, deracination
lift, raise
lift, heave
expulsion, projection
expulsion, ejection
belch, belching
belch, burp
belch, burping
belch, eructation
blink, blinking
blink, wink
blink, winking
blink, nictitation
blink, nictation
blush, flush
spit, spitting
spit, expectoration
vomit, vomiting
vomit, emesis
vomit, regurgitation
vomit, disgorgement
vomit, puking
hematemesis, haematemesis
jump, jumping
leap, leaping
leap, spring
leap, saltation
leap, bound
leap, bounce
vault, hurdle
centering, snap
transmission, transmittal
transmission, transmitting
remission, remitment
remission, remit
mailing, posting
wheeling, rolling
shooting, shot
discharge, firing
gunfire, gunshot
skeet, trapshooting
gunfight, gunplay
gunfight, shootout
rub, wipe
tap, pat
tap, dab
hit, hitting
hit, striking
crash, smash
impingement, impaction
grounder, groundball
grounder, hopper
chop, chopper
scorcher, screamer
plunk, plunker
single, bingle
double, two-bagger
double, two-baser
triple, three-bagger
knock, belt
knock, rap
knock, whack
knock, whang
smack, smacking
smack, slap
knockout, KO
knockout, kayo
whip, lash
whip, whiplash
punch, clout
punch, poke
punch, lick
punch, biff
punch, slug
dig, jab
counterpunch, parry
counterpunch, counter
kick, boot
kick, kicking
punt, punting
kiss, buss
kiss, osculation
smack, smooch
catch, grab
catch, snatch
catch, snap
mesh, meshing
mesh, interlock
mesh, interlocking
handling, manipulation
autopsy, necropsy
autopsy, postmortem
autopsy, post-mortem
autopsy, PM
check, checkout
checkup, medical
comparison, comparing
follow-up, followup
follow-up, reexamination
follow-up, review
once-over, look-over
tickle, tickling
tickle, titillation
stroke, stroking
joining, connection
joining, connexion
convergence, converging
convergence, convergency
merging, meeting
concourse, confluence
junction, adjunction
fastening, attachment
loosening, laxation
bonding, soldering
grounding, earthing
tying, ligature
untying, undoing
untying, unfastening
lick, lap
grazing, shaving
grazing, skimming
detection, catching
detection, espial
detection, spying
detection, spotting
determination, finding
designation, identification
diagnosis, diagnosing
prognosis, prospect
resolution, solving
validation, proof
validation, substantiation
authentication, certification
documentation, support
monetization, monetisation
demonetization, demonetisation
falsification, falsifying
falsification, disproof
falsification, refutation
falsification, refutal
localization, localisation
localization, location
localization, locating
localization, fix
trigger, induction
trigger, initiation
fomentation, instigation
compulsion, coercion
impingement, encroachment
impingement, impact
manipulation, use
autosuggestion, auto-suggestion
autosuggestion, self-suggestion
hypnotism, mesmerism
hypnotism, suggestion
inducement, inducing
enticement, temptation
blandishment, wheedling
ingratiation, insinuation
seduction, conquest
solicitation, allurement
choice, selection
choice, option
choice, pick
coloration, colouration
decision, determination
decision, conclusion
volition, willing
about-face, volte-face
about-face, reversal
appointment, assignment
appointment, designation
appointment, naming
assignment, assigning
co-option, co-optation
ordination, ordinance
castle, castling
checkmate, mate
maneuver, manoeuvre
move, relocation
loop, loop-the-loop
slip, sideslip
device, gimmick
device, twist
shtik, schtik
shtik, shtick
shtik, schtick
juke, fake
ploy, gambit
ploy, stratagem
ruse, artifice
means, agency
means, way
instrument, tool
measure, step
makeshift, stopgap
makeshift, make-do
adoption, acceptance
adoption, acceptation
adoption, espousal
embrace, bosom
co-option, co-optation
by-election, bye-election
vote, ballot
vote, voting
vote, balloting
reconciliation, balancing
equation, equating
strike, ten-strike
run, tally
reduction, simplification
schematization, schematisation
economy, saving
retrenchment, curtailment
retrenchment, downsizing
decimalization, decimalisation
metrification, metrication
variation, variance
diversification, variegation
switch, switching
switch, shift
substitution, exchange
substitution, commutation
supersedure, supersession
supplanting, displacement
replacement, replacing
weaning, ablactation
investment, investiture
alteration, modification
alteration, adjustment
distraction, misdirection
passage, transition
fossilization, fossilisation
meddling, tampering
transfer, transference
prohibition, inhibition
prohibition, forbiddance
resistance, opposition
avoidance, shunning
avoidance, dodging
aversion, averting
abandonment, forsaking
abandonment, desertion
apostasy, tergiversation
renunciation, forgoing
renunciation, forswearing
nonacceptance, turndown
abnegation, self-abnegation
abnegation, denial
abnegation, self-denial
abnegation, self-renunciation
forfeit, forfeiture
forfeit, sacrifice
banishment, proscription
anathematization, anathematisation
ejection, exclusion
ejection, expulsion
ejection, riddance
barring, blackball
exile, deportation
exile, expatriation
exile, transportation
excommunication, excision
ouster, ousting
deposition, dethronement
termination, ending
termination, conclusion
finish, finishing
finale, close
finale, finis
completion, culmination
completion, closing
completion, windup
finalization, finalisation
relinquishment, relinquishing
cession, ceding
release, waiver
release, discharge
exemption, immunity
dissolution, breakup
adjournment, dissolution
dismissal, dismission
dismissal, discharge
dismissal, firing
dismissal, liberation
dismissal, release
dismissal, sack
dismissal, sacking
conge, congee
destruction, devastation
razing, leveling
razing, demolishing
annihilation, obliteration
atomization, atomisation
pulverization, pulverisation
vaporization, vaporisation
killing, kill
murder, slaying
murder, execution
bloodshed, gore
dispatch, despatch
suicide, self-destruction
suicide, self-annihilation
harakiri, hara-kiri
harakiri, harikari
harakiri, seppuku
elimination, liquidation
slaughter, massacre
slaughter, carnage
slaughter, butchery
bloodbath, bloodletting
bloodbath, bloodshed
bloodbath, battue
suffocation, asphyxiation
choking, strangling
choking, strangulation
choking, throttling
heave, retch
decapitation, beheading
abolition, abolishment
liquidation, settlement
closure, closedown
closure, closing
closure, shutdown
extinction, extinguishing
extinction, quenching
fade, disappearance
aborticide, feticide
nullification, override
abrogation, repeal
abrogation, annulment
recission, rescission
neutralization, neutralisation
neutralization, counteraction
deactivation, defusing
deactivation, inactivation
neutralization, neutralisation
neutralization, neutralisation
regression, regress
regression, reversion
regression, retrogression
regression, retroversion
beginning, start
beginning, commencement
attack, tone-beginning
constitution, establishment
constitution, formation
constitution, organization
constitution, organisation
introduction, debut
introduction, launching
introduction, unveiling
introduction, entry
inauguration, startup
initiation, founding
initiation, foundation
initiation, institution
initiation, origination
initiation, creation
initiation, innovation
initiation, introduction
initiation, instauration
authorship, paternity
installation, installing
installation, installment
installation, instalment
start, starting
resumption, recommencement
scrum, scrummage
unionization, unionisation
arousal, rousing
inauguration, inaugural
cooking, cookery
cooking, preparation
toasting, browning
broil, broiling
broil, grilling
frying, sauteing
boiling, stewing
boiling, simmering
tenderization, tenderisation
advancement, progress
forwarding, furtherance
forwarding, promotion
cleaning, cleansing
cleaning, cleanup
scrub, scrubbing
scrub, scouring
swabbing, mopping
purge, purging
purge, purging
purge, purgation
purification, purgation
catharsis, katharsis
catharsis, abreaction
catharsis, katharsis
catharsis, purgation
sterilization, sterilisation
pasteurization, pasteurisation
sanitation, sanitization
sanitation, sanitisation
depilation, epilation
shave, shaving
washup, bathing
dishwashing, washup
wash, washing
wash, lavation
soak, soaking
brush, brushing
comb, combing
comb-out, teasing
correction, rectification
redress, remedy
redress, remediation
recompense, compensation
optimization, optimisation
amelioration, melioration
amelioration, betterment
self-improvement, self-reformation
glamorization, glamorisation
glamorization, glamourization
glamorization, glamourisation
ornamentation, embellishment
titivation, tittivation
clearing, clarification
humanization, humanisation
modernization, modernisation
renovation, redevelopment
renovation, overhaul
moralization, moralisation
enhancement, sweetening
downturn, downswing
ventilation, airing
repair, fix
repair, fixing
repair, fixture
repair, mend
repair, mending
repair, reparation
care, maintenance
care, upkeep
overhaul, service
reclamation, renewal
reclamation, rehabilitation
reassembly, refabrication
re-formation, regeneration
engagement, booking
degradation, debasement
dehumanization, dehumanisation
brutalization, brutalisation
brutalization, animalization
brutalization, animalisation
barbarization, barbarisation
bastardization, bastardisation
corruption, subversion
demoralization, demoralisation
stultification, constipation
stultification, impairment
stultification, deadening
popularization, popularisation
popularization, vulgarization
popularization, vulgarisation
humiliation, abasement
whitening, lightening
blackening, darkening
discoloration, discolouration
coloring, colouring
fixation, fixing
soiling, soilure
soiling, dirtying
staining, spotting
staining, maculation
contamination, pollution
submersion, immersion
submersion, ducking
submersion, dousing
drenching, soaking
drenching, souse
drenching, sousing
moistening, dampening
splash, splashing
sprinkle, sprinkling
sprinkle, sparge
chew, chewing
chew, mastication
chew, manduction
mumbling, gumming
motion, movement
motion, move
approach, approaching
approach, coming
closing, closure
overshoot, wave-off
overshoot, go-around
progress, progression
progress, procession
progress, advance
progress, advancement
locomotion, travel
walk, walking
amble, promenade
amble, saunter
amble, stroll
amble, perambulation
ramble, meander
sleepwalking, somnambulism
sleepwalking, somnambulation
sleepwalking, noctambulism
sleepwalking, noctambulation
pace, stride
pace, tread
hitch, hobble
hitch, limp
rack, single-foot
curvet, vaulting
canter, lope
hike, hiking
hike, tramp
lurch, stumble
lurch, stagger
strut, prance
strut, swagger
lurch, lunge
march, marching
plodding, plod
shamble, shambling
shamble, shuffle
shamble, shuffling
run, running
jog, trot
jog, lope
dash, sprint
crawl, crawling
crawl, creep
crawl, creeping
lap, circle
lap, circuit
travel, traveling
travel, travelling
traversal, traverse
wandering, roving
wandering, vagabondage
ford, fording
traversal, traverse
tourism, touristry
flight, flying
acrobatics, aerobatics
acrobatics, stunting
flyover, fly-by
flyover, flypast
glide, gliding
glide, sailplaning
glide, soaring
glide, sailing
jump, parachuting
parasailing, paragliding
tailspin, spin
journey, journeying
stage, leg
drive, ride
passage, transit
campaign, safari
digression, excursion
schlep, shlep
tour, circuit
excursion, jaunt
excursion, outing
excursion, junket
excursion, expedition
excursion, sashay
cruise, sail
spaceflight, spacefaring
seafaring, navigation
seafaring, sailing
boating, yachting
commutation, commuting
displacement, deracination
transportation, transport
transportation, transfer
transportation, transferral
transportation, conveyance
airlift, lift
connection, connexion
delivery, bringing
service, serving
packing, backpacking
pursuit, chase
pursuit, pursual
pursuit, following
trailing, tracking
shadowing, tailing
stalk, stalking
insertion, introduction
insertion, intromission
cannulation, canulation
cannulation, cannulization
cannulation, cannulisation
cannulation, canulization
cannulation, canulisation
cannulation, intubation
catheterization, catheterisation
instillation, instillment
instillation, instilment
enclosure, enclosing
enclosure, envelopment
enclosure, inclosure
packing, boxing
encasement, incasement
rise, ascent
rise, ascension
rise, ascending
heave, heaving
climb, mount
soar, zoom
dive, nosedive
rappel, abseil
flop, collapse
swing, swinging
swing, vacillation
slide, glide
slide, coast
skid, slip
skid, sideslip
flow, stream
spill, spillage
spill, release
flood, overflow
flood, outpouring
speed, speeding
speed, hurrying
acceleration, quickening
acceleration, speedup
scud, scudding
translation, displacement
transplant, transplantation
transplant, transplanting
shift, shifting
motion, movement
motion, move
motion, motility
flit, dart
headshake, headshaking
jab, jabbing
jab, poke
jab, poking
jab, thrust
jab, thrusting
inclination, inclining
inversion, eversion
inversion, everting
inversion, upending
jerk, jerking
jerk, jolt
jerk, saccade
kick, kicking
kneel, kneeling
lurch, pitch
lurch, pitching
juggle, juggling
transposition, reversal
passing, overtaking
shuffle, shuffling
shuffle, make
reshuffle, reshuffling
reach, reaching
reach, stretch
retroflection, retroflexion
feather, feathering
gyration, whirling
spin, twirl
spin, twist
spin, twisting
spin, whirl
birling, logrolling
shutting, closing
sitting, posing
squat, squatting
twist, turn
wind, winding
wind, twist
vibration, quiver
vibration, quivering
reversion, reverse
reversion, reversal
reversion, turnabout
reversion, turnaround
joggle, jiggle
wag, waggle
wag, shake
rock, careen
rock, sway
rock, tilt
upset, overturn
upset, turnover
waver, flutter
waver, flicker
tremor, shudder
straddle, span
wiggle, wriggle
wiggle, squirm
turn, turning
diversion, deviation
diversion, digression
diversion, deflection
diversion, deflexion
diversion, divagation
tack, tacking
decrease, diminution
decrease, reduction
decrease, step-down
moderation, mitigation
devitalization, devitalisation
extenuation, mitigation
extenuation, palliation
easing, easement
easing, alleviation
easing, relief
liberalization, liberalisation
liberalization, relaxation
minimization, minimisation
consumption, expenditure
compression, compressing
squeeze, squeezing
pinch, tweak
decompression, decompressing
condensing, condensation
thickening, inspissation
crush, crunch
crush, compaction
grind, mill
grind, pulverization
grind, pulverisation
extrusion, expulsion
cut, cutting
severance, severing
clip, clipping
clip, snip
trim, trimming
trim, clipping
miniaturization, miniaturisation
subtraction, deduction
discount, deduction
wilt, wilting
cutting, thinning
increase, step-up
advance, rise
surge, upsurge
fluoridation, fluoridization
fluoridation, fluoridisation
expansion, enlargement
dilation, dilatation
distention, distension
maximization, maximisation
maximization, maximation
spread, spreading
dispersion, dispersal
dispersion, dissemination
dispersion, diffusion
crop-dusting, spraying
scatter, scattering
scatter, strewing
amplification, elaboration
annotation, annotating
supplementation, subjunction
supplementation, subjoining
accumulation, accrual
accumulation, accruement
deposit, deposition
repositing, reposition
repositing, storage
repositing, warehousing
annexation, appropriation
aggrandizement, aggrandisement
aggrandizement, elevation
self-aggrandizement, self-aggrandisement
aggravation, exacerbation
focalization, focalisation
focalization, focusing
breakage, break
breakage, breaking
smashing, shattering
fracture, crack
fracture, cracking
chip, chipping
chip, splintering
explosion, burst
burning, combustion
arson, incendiarism
arson, fire-raising
ignition, firing
ignition, lighting
ignition, kindling
ignition, inflammation
combination, combining
combination, compounding
attachment, affixation
graft, grafting
mix, commixture
mix, admixture
mix, mixture
mix, intermixture
mix, mixing
blend, blending
confluence, conflux
confluence, merging
homogenization, homogenisation
interspersion, interspersal
union, unification
union, uniting
union, conjugation
union, jointure
coalescence, coalescency
coalescence, coalition
coalescence, concretion
coalescence, conglutination
reunion, reunification
tribalization, tribalisation
detribalization, detribalisation
break, interruption
break, disruption
break, gap
cut-in, insert
cut-in, insert
secession, withdrawal
disconnection, disjunction
schism, split
cut, cutting
cut, cutting
notch, nick
notch, snick
slash, gash
atomization, atomisation
atomization, fragmentation
branching, ramification
branching, fork
branching, forking
dichotomization, dichotomisation
quantization, quantisation
match-up, matchup
syllabication, syllabification
detachment, disengagement
rent, rip
rent, split
removal, remotion
ablation, extirpation
ablation, excision
denudation, stripping
denudation, uncovering
denudation, baring
denudation, husking
dislodgment, dislodgement
elimination, riddance
emptying, voidance
emptying, evacuation
drain, drainage
rinse, rinsing
bowdlerization, bowdlerisation
expurgation, castration
bowdlerization, bowdlerisation
censoring, censorship
expunction, expunging
expunction, erasure
division, partition
division, partitioning
division, segmentation
division, sectionalization
division, sectionalisation
transformation, translation
revision, alteration
reforestation, re-afforestation
refreshment, recreation
transfiguration, metamorphosis
annealing, tempering
damage, harm
damage, hurt
damage, scathe
defacement, disfigurement
defacement, disfiguration
wound, wounding
contortion, deformation
flexion, flexure
involution, enfolding
fold, folding
plication, pleating
protrusion, projection
protrusion, jut
protrusion, jutting
widening, broadening
practice, pattern
practice, praxis
symbolism, symbolization
symbolism, symbolisation
custom, usage
custom, usance
Anglicism, Britishism
habit, use
slavery, slaveholding
way, path
Sunnah, Sunna
Sunnah, hadith
embrace, embracing
embrace, embracement
cuddle, nestle
cuddle, snuggle
hug, clinch
hug, squeeze
annoyance, annoying
annoyance, irritation
annoyance, vexation
disregard, neglect
exploitation, victimization
exploitation, victimisation
exploitation, using
harassment, molestation
maltreatment, ill-treatment
maltreatment, ill-usage
maltreatment, abuse
oppression, subjugation
torture, torturing
bastinado, falanga
crucifixion, excruciation
picket, piquet
strappado, strapado
atrocity, inhumanity
brutality, barbarity
brutality, barbarism
brutality, savagery
badgering, worrying
badgering, torment
badgering, bedevilment
tease, teasing
tease, ribbing
tease, tantalization
diversion, recreation
antic, joke
antic, prank
antic, trick
antic, caper
antic, put-on
celebration, festivity
dancing, dance
dancing, terpsichore
dancing, saltation
entertainment, amusement
escapade, lark
escape, escapism
eurythmy, eurhythmy
eurythmy, eurythmics
eurythmy, eurhythmics
fun, merriment
fun, playfulness
gambling, gaming
gambling, play
jest, joke
jest, jocularity
pastime, interest
pastime, pursuit
avocation, by-line
avocation, hobby
avocation, pursuit
avocation, sideline
acrobatics, tumbling
kip, upstart
somersault, somerset
somersault, summersault
somersault, summerset
somersault, somersaulting
somersault, flip
track, running
swimming, swim
dip, plunge
dive, diving
floating, natation
surfing, surfboarding
surfing, surfriding
rowing, row
boxing, pugilism
boxing, fisticuffs
spar, sparring
wrestling, rassling
wrestling, grappling
riding, equitation
bullfighting, tauromachy
hunt, hunting
farming, land
fishing, sportfishing
troll, trolling
casting, cast
follow-up, followup
turn, play
counterattack, counterplay
bat, at-bat
ring-around-the-rosy, ring-around-a-rosy
ring-around-the-rosy, ring-a-rosy
ninepins, skittles
bocce, bocci
bocce, boccie
goalkeeper, goalie
goalkeeper, goaltender
goalkeeper, netkeeper
quoits, horseshoes
shuffleboard, shovelboard
shinny, shinney
rugby, rugger
one-hitter, 1-hitter
two-hitter, 2-hitter
three-hitter, 3-hitter
four-hitter, 4-hitter
five-hitter, 5-hitter
googly, bosie
dribble, dribbling
basketball, hoops
tip-off, tap-off
jacks, jackstones
jacks, knucklebones
jackstraws, spillikins
mumblety-peg, mumble-the-peg
peekaboo, bopeep
cut, cutting
beggar-my-neighbor, beggar-my-neighbour
beggar-my-neighbor, strip-Jack-naked
blackjack, twenty-one
blackjack, vingt-et-un
casino, cassino
cribbage, crib
fantan, sevens
fantan, parliament
Michigan, Chicago
Michigan, Newmarket
Michigan, boodle
Michigan, stops
Napoleon, nap
pinochle, pinocle
pinochle, penuchle
pinochle, bezique
rummy, rum
solitaire, patience
canasta, meld
dominoes, dominos
carom, cannon
checkers, draughts
lotto, bingo
lotto, beano
lotto, keno
Mah-Jongg, mahjong
pachisi, parchesi
pachisi, parchisi
ticktacktoe, ticktacktoo
ticktacktoe, tick-tack-toe
ticktacktoe, tic-tac-toe
ticktacktoe, tit-tat-toe
bet, wager
exacta, perfecta
lottery, drawing
merrymaking, conviviality
merrymaking, jollification
jinks, hijinks
revel, revelry
spree, fling
bust, tear
bust, binge
bust, bout
carouse, carousal
carouse, bender
carouse, toot
carouse, booze-up
orgy, debauch
orgy, debauchery
orgy, saturnalia
orgy, riot
orgy, bacchanal
orgy, bacchanalia
Dionysia, Bacchanalia
play, frolic
play, romp
play, gambol
play, caper
caper, capriole
flirt, flirting
flirt, flirtation
flirt, coquetry
flirt, dalliance
flirt, toying
folly, foolery
folly, tomfoolery
folly, craziness
folly, lunacy
folly, indulgence
meshugaas, mishegaas
meshugaas, mishegoss
buffoonery, clowning
buffoonery, japery
buffoonery, frivolity
buffoonery, harlequinade
buffoonery, prank
shtik, schtik
shtik, shtick
shtik, schtick
drollery, waggery
leg-pull, leg-pulling
beguilement, distraction
celebration, solemnization
celebration, solemnisation
festival, fete
Kwanzaa, Kwanza
gala, jamboree
gala, blowout
carnival, fair
carnival, funfair
cabaret, floorshow
interlude, intermezzo
interlude, entr'acte
display, exhibit
display, showing
presentation, presentment
presentation, demonstration
repudiation, debunking
sport, athletics
nautch, nauch
pavane, pavan
strip, striptease
tarantella, tarantelle
chasse, sashay
cha-cha, cha-cha-cha
fox-trot, foxtrot
cotillion, cotilion
rumba, rhumba
waltz, valse
country-dance, contredanse
country-dance, contradance
rumba, rhumba
hula, hula-hula
singing, vocalizing
song, strain
lullaby, cradlesong
acting, playing
acting, playacting
acting, performing
portrayal, characterization
portrayal, enactment
portrayal, personation
impersonation, personation
apery, mimicry
parody, mockery
parody, takeoff
mime, pantomime
business, byplay
shtik, schtik
shtik, shtick
shtik, schtick
program, programme
hamming, overacting
liveliness, animation
circus, carnival
disorganization, disorganisation
disruption, perturbation
dislocation, breakdown
surprise, surprisal
commotion, din
commotion, ruction
commotion, ruckus
commotion, rumpus
commotion, tumult
furor, furore
havoc, mayhem
melee, scrimmage
agitation, excitement
agitation, turmoil
agitation, upheaval
agitation, hullabaloo
upset, derangement
upset, overthrow
bustle, hustle
bustle, flurry
bustle, ado
bustle, fuss
bustle, stir
burst, fit
haste, hurry
haste, rush
haste, rushing
dash, bolt
scamper, scramble
scamper, scurry
maneuver, manoeuvre
maneuver, play
run, running
rush, rushing
pass, passing
blocking, block
razzle-dazzle, razzle
razzle-dazzle, razzmatazz
razzle-dazzle, razmataz
stroke, shot
cut, undercut
serve, service
overhead, smash
slice, fade
slice, slicing
hook, draw
hook, hooking
drive, driving
putt, putting
cinch, breeze
cinch, picnic
cinch, snap
cinch, pushover
cinch, walkover
operation, procedure
works, deeds
shining, polishing
housework, housekeeping
busywork, make-work
occupation, business
occupation, job
occupation, line
game, biz
career, calling
career, vocation
specialization, specialisation
specialization, specialty
specialization, speciality
specialization, specialism
specialization, specialisation
spiritualization, spiritualisation
employment, work
telecommuting, teleworking
position, post
position, berth
position, office
position, spot
position, billet
position, place
position, situation
bishopry, episcopate
captainship, captaincy
chaplaincy, chaplainship
chieftaincy, chieftainship
commandership, commandery
councillorship, councilorship
counselorship, counsellorship
deanship, deanery
generalship, generalcy
judgeship, judicature
legation, legateship
magistracy, magistrature
pastorship, pastorate
prelacy, prelature
presidency, presidentship
proconsulship, proconsulate
professorship, chair
rectorship, rectorate
seigniory, seigneury
trade, craft
cabinetwork, cabinetry
carpentry, woodworking
carpentry, woodwork
piloting, pilotage
plumbing, plumbery
metier, medium
cryptography, coding
cryptography, steganography
encoding, encryption
decoding, decryption
decoding, decipherment
cabinetmaking, joinery
pyrotechnics, pyrotechny
shoemaking, cobbling
accountancy, accounting
bookkeeping, clerking
butchery, butchering
labor, labour
labor, toil
drudgery, plodding
drudgery, grind
drudgery, donkeywork
effort, exertion
effort, travail
effort, sweat
wrestle, wrestling
wrestle, grapple
wrestle, grappling
hunt, hunting
overwork, overworking
subbing, substituting
trouble, difficulty
strain, straining
exercise, exercising
exercise, workout
bodybuilding, musclebuilding
weightlift, weightlifting
calisthenics, callisthenics
calisthenics, callisthenics
stretch, stretching
pushup, press-up
pull-up, chin-up
quackery, empiricism
application, diligence
investigation, investigating
count, counting
count, numeration
count, enumeration
count, reckoning
count, tally
detection, detecting
detection, sleuthing
examination, scrutiny
examination, testing
inquiry, enquiry
eleven-plus, 11-plus
experiment, experimentation
survey, study
urinalysis, uranalysis
spectroscopy, spectrometry
apheresis, pheresis
hemodialysis, haemodialysis
census, nosecount
wiretap, tap
care, attention
care, aid
care, tending
brush, brushing
eyedrop, eye-drop
treatment, intervention
hospitalization, hospitalisation
electrotherapy, galvanism
heliotherapy, insolation
iontophoresis, iontotherapy
iontophoresis, EMDA
adrenalectomy, suprarenalectomy
appendectomy, appendicectomy
cautery, cauterization
cautery, cauterisation
curettage, curettement
disembowelment, evisceration
enterostomy, enterotomy
operation, surgery
hemorrhoidectomy, haemorrhoidectomy
hemostasis, haemostasis
hemostasis, hemostasia
hemostasis, haemostasia
incision, section
callosotomy, callosectomy
lobotomy, leukotomy
lobotomy, leucotomy
oophorectomy, ovariectomy
orchidectomy, orchiectomy
palatopharyngoplasty, PPP
palatopharyngoplasty, uvulopalatopharyngoplasty
palatopharyngoplasty, UPPP
proctoplasty, rectoplasty
sterilization, sterilisation
castration, emasculation
neutering, fixing
neutering, altering
tracheostomy, tracheotomy
transplant, transplantation
administration, judicature
sedation, drugging
enema, clyster
dressing, bandaging
dressing, binding
injection, shot
valvotomy, valvulotomy
venesection, phlebotomy
psychoanalysis, analysis
radiotherapy, radiation
radiotherapy, actinotherapy
radiotherapy, irradiation
digitalization, digitalisation
acupuncture, stylostixis
acupressure, G-Jo
acupressure, shiatsu
homeopathy, homoeopathy
hydropathy, hydrotherapy
stalk, stalking
friction, detrition
friction, rubbing
application, coating
application, covering
anointing, anointment
galvanization, galvanisation
pickings, taking
sewing, stitching
vasotomy, vasosection
paving, pavage
spatter, spattering
spatter, splash
spatter, splashing
spatter, splattering
tinning, tin-plating
papering, paperhanging
pargeting, pargetting
plastering, daubing
job, task
job, chore
ball-buster, ball-breaker
function, office
function, part
function, role
stead, position
stead, place
stead, lieu
pitcher, mound
shortstop, short
homework, prep
homework, preparation
exercise, example
da'wah, dawah
mission, charge
mission, commission
wrongdoing, misconduct
brutalization, brutalisation
trespass, encroachment
trespass, violation
trespass, intrusion
trespass, usurpation
misbehavior, misbehaviour
misbehavior, misdeed
mischief, mischief-making
mischief, mischievousness
mischief, deviltry
mischief, devilry
mischief, devilment
mischief, rascality
mischief, roguery
mischief, roguishness
mischief, shenanigan
hell, blaze
familiarity, impropriety
familiarity, indecorum
familiarity, liberty
abnormality, irregularity
deviation, deviance
indecency, impropriety
exhibitionism, immodesty
fetishism, fetichism
pedophilia, paedophilia
zoophilia, zoophilism
indiscretion, peccadillo
negligence, carelessness
negligence, neglect
negligence, nonperformance
evasion, escape
evasion, dodging
malingering, skulking
shirking, slacking
shirking, soldiering
shirking, goldbricking
waste, wastefulness
waste, dissipation
extravagance, prodigality
extravagance, lavishness
extravagance, highlife
wrong, damage
injustice, unfairness
injustice, iniquity
injustice, shabbiness
transgression, evildoing
evil, immorality
evil, wickedness
evil, iniquity
deviltry, devilry
irreverence, violation
profanation, desecration
profanation, blasphemy
profanation, sacrilege
depravity, turpitude
pornography, porno
pornography, porn
pornography, erotica
pornography, smut
intemperance, intemperateness
intemperance, self-indulgence
intemperance, intemperateness
prostitution, harlotry
prostitution, whoredom
profligacy, dissipation
profligacy, dissolution
profligacy, licentiousness
profligacy, looseness
drink, drinking
drink, boozing
drink, drunkenness
drink, crapulence
dishonesty, knavery
treachery, betrayal
treachery, treason
treachery, perfidy
charlatanism, quackery
plagiarism, plagiarization
plagiarism, plagiarisation
plagiarism, piracy
falsification, falsehood
falsification, misrepresentation
frame-up, setup
distortion, overrefinement
distortion, straining
distortion, torture
distortion, twisting
equivocation, tergiversation
lying, prevarication
lying, fabrication
fibbing, paltering
deception, deceit
deception, dissembling
deception, dissimulation
trickery, chicanery
trickery, chicane
trickery, guile
trickery, wile
trickery, shenanigan
duplicity, double-dealing
fraud, fraudulence
fraud, dupery
fraud, hoax
fraud, humbug
fraud, put-on
scam, cozenage
cheat, cheating
delusion, illusion
pretense, pretence
pretense, pretending
pretense, simulation
pretense, feigning
appearance, show
make-believe, pretend
affectation, mannerism
affectation, pose
affectation, affectedness
imposture, impersonation
sin, sinning
pride, superbia
envy, invidia
avarice, greed
avarice, covetousness
avarice, rapacity
avarice, avaritia
sloth, laziness
sloth, acedia
wrath, anger
wrath, ire
wrath, ira
gluttony, overeating
gluttony, gula
lust, luxuria
cyber-terrorism, cyberwar
ecoterrorism, eco-warfare
terrorization, terrorisation
crime, offense
crime, offence
crime, law-breaking
hijack, highjack
misdemeanor, misdemeanour
misdemeanor, infraction
misdemeanor, violation
misdemeanor, infringement
violation, infringement
perpetration, commission
perpetration, committal
rape, violation
rape, assault
rape, ravishment
attack, attempt
capture, seizure
kidnapping, snatch
bribery, graft
embezzlement, peculation
embezzlement, defalcation
embezzlement, misapplication
embezzlement, misappropriation
bunco, bunko
bunco, con
bunco, gyp
bunco, hustle
bunco, sting
bunco, flimflam
swindle, cheat
swindle, rig
larceny, theft
larceny, thievery
larceny, thieving
larceny, stealing
shoplifting, shrinkage
caper, job
dacoity, dakoity
heist, rip-off
highjacking, hijacking
piracy, buccaneering
protection, tribute
housebreaking, break-in
attempt, effort
attempt, endeavor
attempt, endeavour
attempt, try
bid, play
crack, fling
crack, go
crack, pass
crack, whirl
crack, offer
contribution, part
contribution, share
shot, stab
striving, nisus
striving, pains
striving, strain
struggle, battle
scramble, scuffle
test, trial
test, run
test, trial
audition, tryout
fitting, try-on
undertaking, project
undertaking, task
undertaking, labor
adventure, escapade
enterprise, endeavor
enterprise, endeavour
speleology, spelaeology
campaign, cause
campaign, crusade
campaign, drive
campaign, movement
campaign, effort
campaigning, candidacy
campaigning, candidature
campaigning, electioneering
risk, peril
risk, danger
doubling, double
federalization, federalisation
regulation, regulating
deregulation, deregulating
regulation, regularization
regulation, regularisation
synchronization, synchronisation
synchronization, synchronizing
limitation, restriction
possession, ownership
retention, keeping
retention, holding
stowage, stowing
grasping, seizing
grasping, prehension
clasp, clench
clasp, clutch
clasp, clutches
clasp, grasp
clasp, grip
clasp, hold
steering, steerage
steering, guidance
steering, direction
navigation, pilotage
navigation, piloting
guardianship, keeping
guardianship, safekeeping
hands, custody
preservation, saving
momism, overprotection
momism, overshielding
censoring, censorship
precaution, safeguard
precaution, guard
defense, defence
defense, defence
inoculation, vaccination
inoculating, vaccinating
variolation, variolization
self-defense, self-defence
self-defense, self-protection
jujutsu, jujitsu
jujutsu, jiujitsu
ninjutsu, ninjitsu
lining, facing
locking, lockup
escort, accompaniment
dressing, grooming
toilet, toilette
immunization, immunisation
sensitizing, sensitising
sensitizing, sensitization
sensitizing, sensitisation
care, charge
care, tutelage
care, guardianship
ruggedization, ruggedisation
waterproofing, sealing
wear, wearing
breathing, respiration
breathing, ventilation
cardiography, electrocardiography
eupnea, eupnoea
panting, heaving
puffing, huffing
puffing, snorting
smoke, smoking
exhalation, expiration
blow, puff
snore, snoring
snore, stertor
snuffle, sniffle
snuffle, snivel
inhalation, inspiration
inhalation, aspiration
inhalation, intake
gasp, pant
yawn, yawning
yawn, oscitance
yawn, oscitancy
puff, drag
puff, pull
consumption, ingestion
consumption, intake
consumption, uptake
eating, feeding
bite, chomp
browse, browsing
coprophagy, coprophagia
fart, farting
fart, flatus
fart, wind
swallow, drink
swallow, deglutition
gulp, draft
gulp, draught
gulp, swig
gulp, gulping
feasting, banqueting
geophagy, geophagia
graze, grazing
repletion, surfeit
tasting, savoring
tasting, savouring
tasting, relishing
tasting, degustation
nip, pinch
necrophagia, necrophagy
sucking, suck
sucking, suction
suckling, lactation
drinking, imbibing
drinking, imbibition
gulping, swilling
gulping, guzzling
fuck, fucking
fuck, screw
fuck, screwing
fuck, ass
fuck, nooky
fuck, nookie
fuck, shag
fuck, shtup
coupling, mating
coupling, pairing
coupling, conjugation
coupling, union
adultery, fornication
sodomy, buggery
reproduction, procreation
reproduction, breeding
miscegenation, crossbreeding
miscegenation, interbreeding
generation, multiplication
generation, propagation
biogenesis, biogeny
hybridization, hybridisation
hybridization, crossbreeding
hybridization, crossing
hybridization, cross
hybridization, interbreeding
hybridization, hybridizing
testcross, test-cross
servicing, service
foreplay, arousal
foreplay, stimulation
caressing, cuddling
caressing, fondling
caressing, hugging
caressing, kissing
caressing, necking
caressing, petting
caressing, smooching
caressing, snuggling
cunnilingus, cunnilinctus
fellatio, fellation
soixante-neuf, sixty-nine
autoeroticism, autoerotism
masturbation, onanism
self-stimulation, self-abuse
promiscuity, promiscuousness
homosexuality, homosexualism
homosexuality, homoeroticism
homosexuality, queerness
homosexuality, gayness
lesbianism, sapphism
heterosexuality, heterosexualism
heterosexuality, straightness
pederasty, paederasty
bestiality, zooerastia
bestiality, zooerasty
nap, catnap
nap, snooze
doze, drowse
reaction, response
wince, flinch
passage, passing
startle, jump
startle, start
tremble, shiver
tremble, shake
crying, weeping
crying, tears
snivel, sniveling
sob, sobbing
wailing, bawling
calculation, computation
calculation, computing
multiplication, times
subtraction, minus
summation, addition
summation, plus
exponentiation, involution
judgment, judgement
judgment, assessment
evaluation, rating
marking, grading
marking, scoring
estimate, estimation
percussion, pleximetry
sensing, perception
look, looking
glance, glimpse
side-glance, side-look
peek, peep
gaze, regard
glare, glower
inspection, review
sightseeing, rubber-necking
observation, observance
observation, watching
watch, vigil
lookout, outlook
view, survey
view, sight
listening, hearing
relistening, rehearing
taste, tasting
smell, smelling
sniff, snuff
education, instruction
education, teaching
education, pedagogy
education, didactics
course, class
teaching, instruction
teaching, pedagogy
inculcation, ingraining
inculcation, instilling
tutelage, tuition
tutelage, tutorship
propaedeutic, propaedeutics
sleep-learning, hypnopedia
lecture, lecturing
training, preparation
training, grooming
exercise, practice
exercise, drill
exercise, recitation
review, brushup
model, modelling
model, modeling
dramatization, dramatisation
pageant, pageantry
symbolizing, symbolising
schematization, schematisation
schematization, diagramming
depiction, delineation
depiction, portrayal
imaging, tomography
X-raying, X-radiation
sonography, ultrasonography
sonography, echography
sonography, ultrasound
radioscopy, radiology
lymphangiography, lymphography
filming, cinematography
molding, casting
needlework, needlecraft
recording, transcription
construction, building
crenelation, crenellation
erecting, erection
fabrication, assembly
dismantling, dismantlement
dismantling, disassembly
grading, leveling
overproduction, overrun
output, yield
beekeeping, apiculture
farming, agriculture
farming, husbandry
gardening, horticulture
plowing, ploughing
hydroponics, aquiculture
naturalization, naturalisation
mining, excavation
boring, drilling
industry, manufacture
industrialization, industrialisation
devising, fashioning
devising, making
mapmaking, cartography
fabrication, manufacture
fabrication, manufacturing
formation, shaping
metalworking, metalwork
grooving, rifling
confection, concoction
design, designing
programming, programing
writing, authorship
writing, composition
writing, penning
dramatization, dramatisation
fabrication, fictionalization
fabrication, fictionalisation
novelization, novelisation
realization, realisation
realization, actualization
realization, actualisation
depersonalization, depersonalisation
depersonalization, reification
externalization, externalisation
externalization, exteriorization
externalization, exteriorisation
hypostatization, hypostatisation
hypostatization, reification
personification, incarnation
drawing, draftsmanship
drawing, drafting
sculpture, carving
modeling, modelling
modeling, molding
modeling, moulding
watercolor, water-color
watercolor, watercolour
watercolor, water-colour
engraving, etching
composing, composition
arrangement, arranging
arrangement, transcription
orchestration, instrumentation
realization, realisation
neologism, neology
neologism, coinage
devisal, contrivance
conceptualization, conceptualisation
conceptualization, formulation
approach, attack
excavation, digging
excavation, dig
carving, cutting
drilling, boring
abdominocentesis, paracentesis
amniocentesis, amnio
thoracocentesis, thoracentesis
fetoscopy, foetoscopy
prick, pricking
search, hunt
search, hunting
foraging, forage
frisk, frisking
quest, seeking
ransacking, rummage
use, usage
use, utilization
use, utilisation
use, employment
use, exercise
misuse, abuse
exploitation, development
technology, engineering
overexploitation, overuse
overexploitation, overutilization
overexploitation, overutilisation
capitalization, capitalisation
commercialization, commercialisation
capitalization, capitalisation
unitization, unitisation
battle, conflict
battle, fight
battle, engagement
blockade, encirclement
defense, defence
conflict, struggle
conflict, battle
brush, clash
brush, encounter
brush, skirmish
maneuver, manoeuvre
repulsion, standoff
mining, minelaying
rebellion, insurrection
rebellion, revolt
rebellion, rising
rebellion, uprising
insurgency, insurgence
intifada, intifadah
pacification, counterinsurgency
aggression, hostility
hostilities, belligerency
violence, force
plundering, pillage
plundering, pillaging
rape, rapine
looting, robbery
spoil, spoliation
spoil, spoilation
spoil, despoilation
spoil, despoilment
spoil, despoliation
ravaging, devastation
depredation, predation
sortie, sally
support, reinforcement
support, reenforcement
attack, onslaught
attack, onset
attack, onrush
war, warfare
penetration, incursion
blitz, blitzkrieg
foray, raid
foray, maraud
counterattack, countermove
bombing, bombardment
offense, offence
offense, offensive
recce, recco
recce, reccy
scouting, reconnoitering
scouting, reconnoitring
fire, firing
barrage, battery
barrage, bombardment
barrage, shelling
fusillade, salvo
fusillade, volley
fusillade, burst
cannonade, drumfire
jihad, jehad
jihad, jehad
measurement, measuring
measurement, measure
measurement, mensuration
bathymetry, plumbing
calibration, standardization
calibration, standardisation
adjustment, registration
adjustment, readjustment
synchronization, synchronisation
synchronization, synchronizing
synchronization, synchronising
fetometry, foetometry
hydrometry, gravimetry
hypsometry, hypsography
gradation, graduation
shading, blending
divergence, divergency
organization, organisation
randomization, randomisation
systematization, systematisation
systematization, rationalization
systematization, rationalisation
formalization, formalisation
order, ordering
scaling, grading
succession, sequence
alphabetization, alphabetisation
listing, itemization
listing, itemisation
inventory, inventorying
inventory, stocktaking
inventory, stock-taking
stocktake, stock-take
categorization, categorisation
categorization, classification
categorization, compartmentalization
categorization, compartmentalisation
categorization, assortment
collection, collecting
collection, assembling
collection, aggregation
compilation, compiling
gather, gathering
centralization, centralisation
harvest, harvesting
numismatics, numismatology
territorialization, territorialisation
support, supporting
suspension, dangling
suspension, hanging
continuance, continuation
prolongation, protraction
prolongation, perpetuation
prolongation, lengthening
repetition, repeating
reduplication, reiteration
duplication, gemination
reproduction, replication
perseverance, persistence
perseverance, perseveration
pursuance, prosecution
hangover, holdover
discontinuance, discontinuation
procedure, process
rigmarole, rigamarole
rut, groove
ritual, rite
deification, exaltation
deification, apotheosis
vigil, watch
wake, viewing
popery, papism
Berith, Berit
Berith, Brith
Berith, Bris
Berith, Briss
nudism, naturism
transvestism, transvestitism
Communion, manduction
betrothal, espousal
marriage, wedding
bridal, espousal
aspersion, sprinkling
canonization, canonisation
oblation, offering
unction, inunction
prayer, supplication
blessing, benediction
idolization, idolisation
adoration, latria
idolatry, devotion
idolatry, veneration
idolatry, cultism
idiolatry, autolatry
idiolatry, self-worship
bibliolatry, Bible-worship
verbolatry, grammatolatry
verbolatry, word-worship
symbolatry, symbololatry
symbolatry, symbol-worship
gyneolatry, gynaeolatry
gyneolatry, woman-worship
thaumatolatry, miracle-worship
topolatry, place-worship
arborolatry, tree-worship
diabolatry, demonolatry
diabolatry, devil-worship
pyrolatry, fire-worship
hagiolatry, hierolatry
heliolatry, sun-worship
zoolatry, animal-worship
ichthyolatry, fish-worship
ophiolatry, serpent-worship
moon-worship, selenolatry
energizing, activating
energizing, activation
revival, resurgence
revival, revitalization
revival, revitalisation
revival, revivification
rebirth, Renaissance
rebirth, Renascence
vivification, invigoration
vivification, animation
concealment, concealing
concealment, hiding
disguise, camouflage
cover, covering
cover, screening
cover, masking
burying, burial
reburying, reburial
stealth, stealing
placement, location
placement, locating
placement, position
placement, positioning
placement, emplacement
juxtaposition, apposition
juxtaposition, collocation
interposition, intervention
residency, residence
residency, abidance
occupancy, tenancy
inhabitancy, inhabitation
inhabitancy, habitation
camping, encampment
camping, bivouacking
camping, tenting
sojourn, visit
stop, stopover
stop, layover
provision, supply
provision, supplying
feeding, alimentation
fueling, refueling
issue, issuing
issue, issuance
respite, recess
respite, break
hesitation, waver
hesitation, falter
hesitation, faltering
freeze, halt
wait, waiting
rest, ease
rest, repose
rest, relaxation
quiescence, quiescency
quiescence, dormancy
quiescence, sleeping
idleness, idling
idleness, loafing
delay, holdup
postponement, deferment
postponement, deferral
procrastination, cunctation
procrastination, shillyshally
slowdown, lag
slowdown, retardation
dalliance, dawdling
dalliance, trifling
interjection, interposition
interjection, interpolation
interjection, interpellation
tarriance, lingering
heckling, barracking
asceticism, ascesis
chastity, celibacy
self-denial, self-discipline
self-denial, self-control
sobriety, temperance
teetotaling, teetotalism
fast, fasting
diet, dieting
inhibition, suppression
lenience, leniency
clemency, mercifulness
clemency, mercy
enjoyment, delectation
lamentation, mourning
indulgence, indulging
indulgence, pampering
indulgence, humoring
overindulgence, excess
orgy, binge
orgy, splurge
hindrance, hinderance
hindrance, interference
blockage, closure
blockage, occlusion
siege, besieging
siege, beleaguering
stall, stalling
stop, stoppage
prevention, bar
nonproliferation, non-proliferation
obviation, forestalling
obviation, preclusion
suppression, crushing
suppression, quelling
suppression, stifling
recusation, recusal
confederation, alliance
fraternization, fraternisation
decolonization, decolonisation
allotment, apportionment
allotment, apportioning
allotment, allocation
allotment, parceling
allotment, parcelling
allotment, assignation
reallotment, reapportionment
reallotment, reallocation
parcel, portion
parcel, share
sharing, share-out
generosity, unselfishness
giving, gift
bestowal, bestowment
bestowal, conferral
bestowal, conferment
dole, pogy
dole, pogey
contribution, donation
alms-giving, almsgiving
commerce, commercialism
commerce, mercantilism
exchange, interchange
unitization, unitisation
lending, loaning
trade, patronage
market, marketplace
financing, funding
investing, investment
leverage, leveraging
flotation, floatation
cooperative, co-op
advertising, publicizing
circularization, circularisation
publication, publishing
republication, republishing
serialization, serialisation
photogravure, rotogravure
issue, publication
unitization, unitisation
agribusiness, agriculture
construction, building
transportation, shipping
transportation, transport
hauling, trucking
hauling, truckage
cartage, carting
freight, freightage
express, expressage
ferry, ferrying
transaction, dealing
transaction, dealings
transfer, transference
conveyance, conveyancing
conveyance, conveying
delivery, livery
lend-lease, lease-lend
secularization, secularisation
barter, swap
barter, swop
barter, trade
deal, trade
rental, renting
importing, importation
exporting, exportation
selling, merchandising
selling, marketing
simony, barratry
telemarketing, teleselling
telemarketing, telecommerce
vending, peddling
vending, hawking
vending, vendition
viscometry, viscosimetry
bazaar, fair
realization, realisation
payment, defrayal
payment, defrayment
evasion, nonpayment
amortization, amortisation
refund, repayment
spending, disbursement
spending, disbursal
spending, outlay
expending, expenditure
amortization, amortisation
government, governing
government, governance
government, administration
misgovernment, misrule
legislation, legislating
legislation, lawmaking
criminalization, criminalisation
decriminalization, decriminalisation
viticulture, viniculture
enactment, passage
execution, implementation
imposition, infliction
mastery, subordination
monopolization, monopolisation
socialization, socialisation
socialization, acculturation
socialization, enculturation
breeding, fostering
breeding, fosterage
breeding, nurture
breeding, raising
breeding, rearing
breeding, upbringing
duty, responsibility
duty, obligation
obedience, respect
management, direction
mismanagement, misdirection
treatment, handling
supervision, supervising
supervision, superintendence
supervision, oversight
administration, disposal
organization, organisation
rationalization, rationalisation
reorganization, reorganisation
reorganization, shake-up
reorganization, shakeup
self-organization, self-organisation
authorization, authorisation
authorization, empowerment
license, permission
license, permit
certification, enfranchisement
commission, commissioning
delegating, delegation
delegating, relegating
delegating, relegation
delegating, deputation
devolution, devolvement
conge, congee
channelization, channelisation
channelization, canalization
channelization, canalisation
canalization, canalisation
preparation, readying
redeployment, redisposition
scheduling, programming
scheduling, programing
turnaround, turnround
warm-up, tune-up
warm-up, prolusion
guidance, steering
collar, leash
bridle, check
bridle, curb
immobilization, immobilisation
immobilization, immobilizing
imprisonment, internment
suppression, curtailment
restriction, confinement
stipulation, specification
privation, deprivation
pauperization, pauperisation
pauperization, impoverishment
starvation, starving
appeasement, calming
pacification, mollification
placation, conciliation
placation, propitiation
internationalization, internationalisation
nationalization, nationalisation
nationalization, communization
nationalization, communisation
denationalization, denationalisation
denationalization, privatization
denationalization, privatisation
nationalization, nationalisation
nationalization, nationalisation
detribalization, detribalisation
collectivization, collectivisation
communization, communisation
communization, communisation
discrimination, favoritism
discrimination, favouritism
ableism, ablism
ableism, able-bodiedism
ableism, able-bodism
ageism, agism
fattism, fatism
racism, racialism
secularization, secularisation
mobilization, mobilisation
mobilization, militarization
mobilization, militarisation
arming, armament
arming, equipping
disarming, disarmament
conscription, muster
conscription, draft
demobilization, demobilisation
remilitarization, remilitarisation
standardization, standardisation
standardization, normalization
standardization, normalisation
stabilization, stabilisation
destabilization, destabilisation
stylization, stylisation
conventionalization, conventionalisation
punishment, penalty
punishment, penalization
punishment, penalisation
beating, thrashing
beating, licking
beating, drubbing
beating, lacing
beating, trouncing
beating, whacking
castigation, chastisement
discipline, correction
music, medicine
whipping, tanning
whipping, flogging
whipping, lashing
whipping, flagellation
execution, executing
gauntlet, gantlet
stoning, lapidation
electrocution, burning
decapitation, beheading
penance, self-mortification
penance, self-abasement
commitment, committal
commitment, consignment
commutation, re-sentencing
exchange, interchange
rally, exchange
tradeoff, trade-off
submission, compliance
obedience, obeisance
countercurrent, crosscurrent
competition, contention
competition, rivalry
confrontation, opposition
discord, discordance
dispute, contravention
fight, fighting
fight, combat
fight, scrap
shock, impact
hassle, scuffle
hassle, tussle
hassle, dogfight
hassle, rough-and-tumble
fistfight, fisticuffs
fistfight, slugfest
stab, thrust
lunge, passado
hammer, pound
hammer, hammering
hammer, pounding
battering, banging
beating, whipping
affray, disturbance
affray, fray
affray, ruffle
brawl, free-for-all
protest, objection
protest, dissent
demonstration, manifestation
insubordination, rebelliousness
disobedience, noncompliance
lawsuit, suit
lawsuit, case
lawsuit, cause
lawsuit, causa
proceeding, proceedings
presentment, notification
naturalization, naturalisation
judgment, judgement
conviction, condemnation
conviction, sentence
arbitration, arbitrament
arbitration, arbitrement
opinion, ruling
umpirage, officiation
umpirage, officiating
umpirage, refereeing
eviction, dispossession
legalization, legalisation
legalization, legitimation
defense, defence
defense, denial
defense, demurrer
divorce, divorcement
segregation, sequestration
integration, integrating
integration, desegregation
separationism, separatism
conformity, conformation
conformity, compliance
conformity, abidance
honoring, observance
nonconformity, nonconformance
collaboration, coaction
collaboration, collaborationism
collaboration, quislingism
concurrence, concurrency
reconciliation, rapprochement
selflessness, self-sacrifice
commitment, allegiance
commitment, loyalty
commitment, dedication
fetish, fetich
aid, assist
aid, assistance
aid, help
recourse, resort
recourse, refuge
relief, succor
relief, succour
relief, ministration
boost, encouragement
consolation, comfort
consolation, solace
oversimplification, simplism
rationalization, rationalisation
attachment, adherence
attachment, adhesion
kabbalism, cabalism
backing, backup
backing, championship
backing, patronage
advocacy, protagonism
insistence, insistency
auspices, protection
auspices, aegis
endorsement, indorsement
blessing, approval
blessing, approving
sustenance, sustentation
sustenance, sustainment
sustenance, maintenance
sustenance, upkeep
employment, engagement
booking, reservation
admiration, appreciation
adoration, idolization
adoration, idolisation
idealization, idealisation
idealization, glorification
sentimentalization, sentimentalisation
sentimentalization, romanticization
sentimentalization, romanticisation
reward, reinforcement
disparagement, dispraise
deprecation, denigration
aspersion, calumny
aspersion, slander
aspersion, defamation
aspersion, denigration
behavior, behaviour
behavior, conduct
behavior, doings
behavior, behaviour
aggravation, irritation
aggravation, provocation
bullying, intimidation
terrorization, terrorisation
terrorization, frightening
twit, taunt
twit, taunting
stigmatization, stigmatisation
stigmatization, branding
discourtesy, offense
discourtesy, offence
derision, ridicule
insult, affront
scandalization, scandalisation
scandalization, outrage
rebuff, slight
snub, cut
benevolence, benefaction
favor, favour
forgiveness, pardon
politeness, civility
deference, respect
court, homage
consideration, thoughtfulness
assembly, assemblage
assembly, gathering
mobilization, mobilisation
assignation, tryst
congregation, congregating
convention, convening
socialization, socialisation
socialization, socializing
socialization, socialising
attendance, attending
appearance, appearing
truancy, hooky
requital, payment
retaliation, revenge
vengeance, retribution
vengeance, payback
war, warfare
democratization, democratisation
consolidation, integration
centralization, centralisation
decentralization, decentralisation
amalgamation, merger
amalgamation, uniting
engagement, participation
engagement, involvement
engagement, involution
non-engagement, nonparticipation
non-engagement, non-involvement
intervention, intercession
mediation, intermediation
annulment, invalidation
vindication, exoneration
unsnarling, untangling
unsnarling, disentanglement
unsnarling, extrication
extermination, liquidation
cast, roll
flip, toss
ambush, ambuscade
ambush, trap
stupidity, betise
stupidity, folly
stupidity, foolishness
stupidity, imbecility
admission, admittance
matriculation, matric
amnesty, pardon
vandalism, hooliganism
transmutation, transubstantiation
colonization, colonisation
colonization, settlement
resettlement, relocation
emission, emanation
discharge, venting
jamming, jam
harmonization, harmonisation
winnow, winnowing
winnow, sifting
intonation, chanting
psalmody, hymnody
singalong, singsong
solfege, solfeggio
solmization, solfege
solmization, solfeggio
leadership, leading
precession, precedence
precession, precedency
flood, flowage
reprieve, respite
revoke, renege
ruff, trumping
awakening, wakening
immobilization, immobilisation
sin, hell
excitation, excitement
hair-raiser, chiller
incitation, incitement
inflammation, inflaming
inspiration, stirring
galvanization, galvanisation
deforestation, disforestation
spoil, spoiling
spoil, spoilage
swerve, swerving
swerve, veering
recruitment, enlisting
reference, consultation
emphasizing, accenting
emphasizing, accentuation
release, outlet
release, vent
jumpstart, jump-start
mystification, obfuscation
proclamation, promulgation
socialization, socialisation
stabilization, stabilisation
vulgarization, vulgarisation
xenotransplant, xenotransplantation
Aegospotami, Aegospotamos
Bataan, Corregidor
Chalons, Chalons-sur-Marne
Dunkirk, Dunkerque
Lexington, Concord
Mantinea, Mantineia
Meuse, Argonne
Meuse, Meuse-Argonne
Plevna, Pleven
Tarawa, Makin
Tarawa, Tarawa-Makin
homeotherm, homoiotherm
homeotherm, homotherm
poikilotherm, ectotherm
varmint, varment
bottom-feeder, bottom-dweller
molter, moulter
by-catch, bycatch
young, offspring
pup, whelp
thoroughbred, purebred
thoroughbred, pureblood
animalcule, animalculum
microorganism, micro-organism
hybrid, crossbreed
hybrid, cross
relative, congener
relative, congenator
relative, congeneric
arbovirus, arborvirus
viroid, virusoid
bacteriophage, phage
cytomegalovirus, CMV
parvovirus, parvo
Monera, Prokayotae
moneran, moneron
archaebacteria, archaebacterium
archaebacteria, archaeobacteria
archaebacteria, archeobacteria
halophile, halophil
halobacteria, halobacterium
halobacteria, halobacter
bacteria, bacterium
acidophil, acidophile
bacillus, B
coccus, cocci
spirillum, spirilla
eubacteria, eubacterium
clostridium, clostridia
botulinus, botulinum
Myxophyceae, Schizophyceae
vibrio, vibrion
mycobacteria, mycobacterium
Polyangiaceae, Myxobacteriaceae
myxobacteria, myxobacterium
myxobacteria, myxobacter
staphylococcus, staphylococci
staphylococcus, staph
Lactobacillaceae, Lactobacteriaceae
streptococcus, streptococci
streptococcus, strep
spirochete, spirochaete
microbe, bug
microbe, germ
endoparasite, entoparasite
endoparasite, entozoan
endoparasite, entozoon
endoparasite, endozoan
ectoparasite, ectozoan
ectoparasite, ectozoon
ectoparasite, epizoan
ectoparasite, epizoon
protist, protistan
protozoan, protozoon
sarcodinian, sarcodine
rhizopod, rhizopodan
Amoebida, Amoebina
ameba, amoeba
foram, foraminifer
Ciliata, Ciliophora
ciliate, ciliophoran
paramecium, paramecia
alga, algae
chlorophyll, chlorophyl
Chrysophyceae, Heterokontae
Bacillariophyceae, Diatomophyceae
bladderwrack, tang
gulfweed, sargassum
gulfweed, sargasso
euglenoid, euglenophyte
euglenoid, euglenid
Zygnematales, Zygnemales
eukaryote, eucaryote
prokaryote, procaryote
Mastigophora, Flagellata
flagellate, mastigophoran
flagellate, mastigophore
Dinoflagellata, Cilioflagellata
zoomastigote, zooflagellate
cryptomonad, cryptophyte
coccidium, eimeria
leucocytozoan, leucocytozoon
sarcosporidian, sarcocystidean
sarcosporidian, sarcocystieian
pseudopod, pseudopodium
swordtail, helleri
swordtail, topminnow
topminnow, poeciliid
topminnow, live-bearer
mollie, molly
soldierfish, soldier-fish
stickleback, prickleback
pipefish, needlefish
shrimpfish, shrimp-fish
embryo, conceptus
blastocoel, blastocoele
blastocoel, blastocele
blastoderm, blastodisc
fetus, foetus
monster, teras
blastula, blastosphere
ectoderm, exoderm
ectoderm, ectoblast
mesoderm, mesoblast
chordamesoderm, chordomesoderm
endoderm, entoderm
endoderm, endoblast
endoderm, entoblast
endoderm, hypoblast
yolk, vitellus
Amphioxidae, Branchiostomidae
lancelet, amphioxus
Urochordata, Urochorda
Urochordata, Tunicata
tunicate, urochordate
tunicate, urochord
siphon, syphon
salp, salpa
Vertebrata, Craniata
vertebrate, craniate
amnion, amnios
Osteostraci, Cephalaspida
osteostracan, cephalaspid
Conodonta, Conodontophorida
Petromyzoniformes, Hyperoartia
Myxiniformes, Hyperotreta
Myxiniformes, Myxinoidei
Myxiniformes, Myxinoidea
hagfish, hag
holocephalan, holocephalian
Elasmobranchii, Selachii
elasmobranch, selachian
thresher, thrasher
Carchariidae, Odontaspididae
Carcharias, Odontaspis
shovelhead, bonnethead
Rajiformes, Batoidei
manta, devilfish
dickeybird, dickey-bird
dickeybird, dickybird
dickeybird, dicky-bird
fledgling, fledgeling
archaeopteryx, archeopteryx
kiwi, apteryx
rhea, nandu
Insessores, percher
Oscines, Passeres
songbird, songster
pipit, titlark
pipit, lark
linnet, lintwhite
junco, snowbird
Coerebidae, Dacninae
grosbeak, grossbeak
cardinal, redbird
chewink, cheewink
weaver, weaverbird
whydah, whidah
avadavat, amadavat
scrubbird, scrub-bird
pewee, peewee
pewee, peewit
pewee, pewit
cotinga, chatterer
woodhewer, woodcreeper
woodhewer, wood-creeper
scissortail, Muscivora-forficata
thickhead, whistler
fieldfare, snowbird
blackbird, merl
blackbird, merle
blackbird, ouzel
blackbird, ousel
redstart, redtail
robin, redbreast
babbler, cackler
meadowlark, lark
cacique, cazique
bobolink, ricebird
bobolink, reedbird
myna, mynah
myna, mina
myna, minah
jackdaw, daw
Campylorhynchus, Heleodytes
mockingbird, mocker
Xenicidae, Acanthisittidae
nuthatch, nutcracker
titmouse, tit
bowerbird, catbird
tiercel, tercel
tiercel, tercelet
Milvus, genus-Milvus
falcon-gentle, falcon-gentil
gyrfalcon, gerfalcon
ern, erne
owl, hooter
Urodella, Caudata
urodele, caudate
newt, triton
dicamptodon, dicamptodontid
Salientia, Anura
Salientia, Batrachia
frog, toad
frog, anuran
frog, batrachian
frog, salientian
Leiopelmatidae, Liopelmidae
Leiopelma, Liopelma
Microhylidae, Brevicipitidae
Caeciliidae, Caeciliadae
caecilian, blindworm
Labyrinthodontia, Labyrinthodonta
reptile, reptilian
Chelonia, Testudinata
Chelonia, Testudines
Cheloniidae, Chelonidae
Sauria, Lacertilia
Iguanidae, Iguania
Amphisbaena, Amphisbaenia
skink, scincid
blindworm, slowworm
Chamaeleontidae, Chamaeleonidae
Chamaeleontidae, Rhiptoglossa
chameleon, chamaeleon
monitor, varan
archosaur, archosaurian
Crocodylia, Crocodilia
Crocodylus, Crocodilus
alligator, gator
caiman, cayman
pisanosaur, pisanosaurus
staurikosaur, staurikosaurus
Thyreophora, thyreophoran
stegosaur, stegosaurus
ankylosaur, ankylosaurus
Marginocephalia, marginocephalian
pachycephalosaur, pachycephalosaurus
styracosaur, styracosaurus
psittacosaur, psittacosaurus
Euronithopoda, euronithopod
Euronithopoda, Ornithopoda
hadrosaur, hadrosaurus
corythosaur, corythosaurus
trachodon, trachodont
apatosaur, apatosaurus
apatosaur, brontosaur
apatosaur, brontosaurus
barosaur, barosaurus
titanosaur, titanosaurian
ground-shaker, seismosaur
ceratosaur, ceratosaurus
tyrannosaur, tyrannosaurus
allosaur, allosaurus
herrerasaur, herrerasaurus
megalosaur, megalosaurus
utahraptor, superslasher
therapsid, protomammal
plesiosaur, plesiosaurus
Serpentes, Ophidia
snake, serpent
snake, ophidian
whip-snake, whipsnake
Calliophis, Callophis
ringhals, rinkhals
Dendroaspis, Dendraspis
Agkistrodon, Ancistrodon
rattlesnake, rattler
beak, bill
beak, neb
beak, nib
beak, pecker
carcase, carcass
arachnid, arachnoid
Phalangida, Opiliones
Chelonethida, Pseudoscorpionida
Chelonethida, Pseudoscorpiones
Pedipalpi, Uropygi
Araneae, Araneida
Argiopidae, orb-weaver
Aranea, Araneus
Diplopoda, Myriapoda
millipede, millepede
millipede, milliped
chick, biddy
cock, rooster
comb, cockscomb
comb, coxcomb
hen, biddy
Dominique, Dominick
greyhen, grayhen
capercaillie, capercailzie
Megapodius, genus-Megapodius
megapode, mound-bird
bobwhite, partridge
monal, monaul
peachick, pea-chick
Perdicidae, Perdicinae
Numididae, Numidinae
hoatzin, hoactzin
hoatzin, stinkbird
tinamou, partridge
roller, tumbler
Kakatoe, Cacatua
cockateel, cockatiel
parakeet, parrakeet
parakeet, parroket
parakeet, paraquet
parakeet, paroquet
parakeet, parroquet
budgerigar, budgereegah
budgerigar, budgerygah
budgerigar, budgie
budgerigar, lovebird
touraco, turaco
touraco, turacou
touraco, turakoo
hoopoe, hoopoo
motmot, momot
goatsucker, nightjar
goatsucker, caprimulgid
nighthawk, bullbat
oilbird, guacharo
woodpecker, peckerwood
woodpecker, pecker
waterfowl, waterbird
widgeon, wigeon
shoveler, shoveller
shoveler, broadbill
bufflehead, butterball
bufflehead, dipper
goldeneye, whistler
scaup, bluebill
scaup, broadbill
scoter, scooter
merganser, sawbill
merganser, sheldrake
greylag, graylag
brant, brent
mammal, mammalian
echidna, anteater
echidna, anteater
platypus, duckbill
opossum, possum
pademelon, paddymelon
phalanger, opossum
phalanger, possum
numbat, anteater
placental, eutherian
livestock, stock
shrew, shrewmouse
tenrec, tendrac
hide, pelt
hide, skin
feather, plume
feather, plumage
vane, web
coat, pelage
undercoat, underfur
wool, fleece
forelock, foretop
whisker, vibrissa
armor, armour
carapace, shell
carapace, cuticle
carapace, shield
phragmocone, phragmacone
sponge, poriferan
sponge, parazoan
Cnidaria, Coelenterata
coelenterate, cnidarian
medusa, medusoid
medusa, medusan
hydrozoan, hydroid
Anthozoa, Actinozoa
anthozoan, actinozoan
Actiniaria, Actinaria
actinia, actinian
actinia, actiniarian
Gorgonacea, Gorgoniacea
ctene, comb-plate
Cydippida, Cydippidea
Cydippida, Cydippea
woodborer, borer
arrowworm, chaetognath
flatworm, platyhelminth
planarian, planaria
fluke, trematode
tapeworm, cestode
Nemertea, Nemertina
Nematoda, Aschelminthes
nematode, roundworm
pinworm, threadworm
Anguillula, Turbatrix
earthworm, angleworm
earthworm, fishworm
earthworm, wiggler
earthworm, nightwalker
earthworm, nightcrawler
earthworm, crawler
polychaete, polychete
lugworm, lug
lugworm, lobworm
leech, bloodsucker
leech, hirudinean
mollusk, mollusc
mollusk, shellfish
Gastropoda, Gasteropoda
gastropod, univalve
abalone, ear-shell
ormer, sea-ear
periwinkle, winkle
Aplysiidae, Tethyidae
Aplysia, Tethys
cowrie, cowry
Solenogastres, Aplacophora
solenogaster, aplacophoran
chiton, polyplacophore
byssus, beard
Bivalvia, Lamellibranchia
bivalve, pelecypod
bivalve, lamellibranch
quahog, quahaug
scallop, scollop
scallop, escallop
shipworm, teredinid
Dibranchiata, Dibranchia
dibranchiate, dibranch
octopus, devilfish
cuttlefish, cuttle
craw, crop
gizzard, ventriculus
Maja, Maia
Astacidae, Astacura
crayfish, crawfish
crayfish, crawdad
crayfish, crawdaddy
woodlouse, slater
Artemia, Chirocephalus
brit, britt
barnacle, cirriped
barnacle, cirripede
onychophoran, peripatus
marabou, marabout
saddlebill, jabiru
shoebill, shoebird
boatbill, broadbill
chunga, seriema
gallinule, swamphen
notornis, takahe
seabird, seafowl
killdeer, kildeer
dotterel, dotrel
lapwing, peewit
lapwing, pewit
knot, greyback
knot, grayback
Gallinago, Capella
greyback, grayback
stilt, stiltbird
stilt, longlegs
stilt, long-legs
pratincole, glareole
gull, seagull
skua, bonxie
loon, diver
Podicipitiformes, Podicipediformes
Podicipitiformes, Colymbiformes
snakebird, anhinga
snakebird, darter
albatross, mollymawk
cetacean, blower
rorqual, razorback
Ziphiidae, Hyperodontidae
narwhal, narwal
narwhal, narwhale
walrus, seahorse
aardvark, anteater
canine, canid
pooch, doggie
pooch, doggy
pooch, barker
pooch, bow-wow
cur, mongrel
cur, mutt
feist, fice
Pekinese, Pekingese
Pekinese, Peke
bloodhound, sleuthhound
dachshund, dachsie
malamute, malemute
pug, pug-dog
Samoyed, Samoyede
dingo, warrigal
dingo, warragal
Cuon, Cyon
hyena, hyaena
feline, felid
kitty, kitty-cat
kitty, puss
kitty, pussy
kitty, pussycat
tom, tomcat
tabby, queen
kitten, kitty
tortoiseshell, tortoiseshell-cat
cougar, puma
cougar, catamount
cougar, painter
cougar, panther
jaguarundi, jaguarondi
jaguarundi, eyra
lynx, catamount
jaguar, panther
tiglon, tigon
cheetah, chetah
grizzly, silvertip
grizzly, silver-tip
Viverridae, Viverrinae
binturong, bearcat
meerkat, mierkat
bat, chiropteran
Phyllostomidae, Phyllostomatidae
pipistrelle, pipistrel
forewing, fore-wing
halter, haltere
halter, balancer
pennon, pinion
prey, quarry
calyculus, caliculus
calyculus, calycle
claw, chela
claw, nipper
claw, pincer
bobtail, bob
bobtail, dock
Insecta, Hexapoda
ephemeron, ephemeral
holometabola, metabola
collembolan, springtail
proturan, telsontail
ladybug, ladybeetle
ladybug, ladybird
scarab, scarabaeus
Scolytidae, Ipidae
Embioptera, Embiodea
Phthirius, Phthirus
chigoe, chigger
alula, calypter
Oestridae, Hypodermatidae
horsefly, cleg
horsefly, clegg
Trypetidae, Trephritidae
wiggler, wriggler
punkie, punky
punkie, punkey
punkie, no-see-um
bumblebee, humblebee
andrena, andrenid
Chalcididae, Chalcidae
strawworm, jointworm
Fenusa, genus-Fenusa
ant, emmet
ant, pismire
grasshopper, hopper
Acrididae, Locustidae
Phasmida, Phasmatodea
Phasmidae, Phasmatidae
Phyllidae, Phillidae
Exopterygota, Hemimetabola
Blattodea, Blattaria
cockroach, roach
Mantidae, Manteidae
mantis, mantid
Miridae, Capsidae
bedbug, chinch
Gerrididae, Gerridae
Psyllidae, Chermidae
cicada, cicala
Psocoptera, Corrodentia
booklouse, deathwatch
Ephemeroptera, Ephemerida
ephemerid, ephemeropteran
mayfly, dayfly
mayfly, shadfly
stonefly, plecopteran
neuropteron, neuropteran
doodlebug, antlion
Corydalus, Corydalis
dobson, dobsonfly
hellgrammiate, dobson
spongefly, spongillafly
caddisworm, strawworm
thysanopter, thysanopteron
thrips, thrip
thrips, thripid
Pyralidae, Pyralididae
Gracilariidae, Gracillariidae
hawkmoth, sphingid
tussah, tusseh
tussah, tussur
tussah, tussore
tussah, tusser
eggar, egger
Phoronida, Phoronidea
Bryozoa, polyzoa
bryozoan, polyzoan
Entoprocta, Endoprocta
brachiopod, lampshell
rabbit, coney
rabbit, cony
pika, coney
pika, cony
rodent, gnawer
muskrat, musquash
gerbil, gerbille
porcupine, hedgehog
Citellus, Spermophilus
suslik, souslik
baronduki, baranduki
baronduki, barunduki
baronduki, burunduki
groundhog, woodchuck
capybara, capibara
coypu, nutria
viscacha, chinchillon
udder, bag
dinoceras, uintathere
hyrax, coney
hyrax, cony
hyrax, dassie
hyrax, das
equine, equid
ridgeling, ridgling
ridgeling, ridgel
ridgeling, ridgil
stallion, entire
stud, studhorse
charger, courser
Arabian, Arab
Lippizan, Lipizzan
Lippizan, Lippizaner
bronco, bronc
bronco, broncho
crowbait, crow-bait
grey, gray
warrigal, warragal
hack, jade
hack, nag
hack, plug
racehorse, bangtail
carthorse, drayhorse
pacer, pacemaker
pacer, pacesetter
jack, jackass
jennet, jenny
chigetai, dziggetai
rhinoceros, rhino
hog, pig
hog, grunter
hog, squealer
piglet, piggy
piglet, shoat
piglet, shote
babirusa, babiroussa
babirusa, babirussa
hippopotamus, hippo
psalterium, omasum
cattle, cows
cattle, kine
cattle, oxen
bullock, steer
cow, moo-cow
dogie, dogy
dogie, leppy
Brahman, Brahma
Brahman, Brahmin
aurochs, urus
banteng, banting
banteng, tsine
Durham, shorthorn
Friesian, Holstein
Friesian, Holstein-Friesian
Hereford, whiteface
cattalo, beefalo
tamarau, tamarao
gayal, mithan
wisent, aurochs
ram, tup
hog, hogget
hog, hogg
broadtail, caracul
broadtail, karakul
argali, argal
bighorn, cimarron
mouflon, moufflon
aoudad, arui
aoudad, audad
billy, he-goat
nanny, nanny-goat
nanny, she-goat
markhor, markhoor
gnu, wildebeest
sassaby, topi
springbok, springbuck
Tragelaphus, Strepsiceros
kudu, koodoo
kudu, koudou
bushbuck, guib
nilgai, nylghai
nilgai, nylghau
steenbok, steinbok
oryx, pasang
gemsbok, gemsbuck
pronghorn, prongbuck
deer, cervid
hart, stag
sambar, sambur
wapiti, elk
elk, moose
caribou, reindeer
giraffe, camelopard
polecat, fitch
polecat, foulmart
polecat, foumart
skunk, polecat
wolverine, carcajou
glutton, wolverine
fisher, pekan
tayra, taira
snout, neb
snout, rostrum
proboscis, trunk
tatouay, cabassous
peludo, poyou
pichiciago, pichiciego
pichiciago, chlamyphore
megatherian, megatheriid
tamandua, tamandu
pangolin, anteater
cannon, shank
hock, hock-joint
loin, lumbus
hindquarters, croup
hindquarters, croupe
hindquarters, rump
stifle, knee
quill, calamus
quill, shaft
vein, nervure
tadpole, polliwog
tadpole, pollywog
homo, man
homo, human
world, humanity
world, humankind
world, humans
world, mankind
world, man
orangutan, orang
orangutan, orangutang
chimpanzee, chimp
entellus, hanuman
tamarin, leoncita
capuchin, ringtail
pentail, pen-tail
potto, kinkajou
galago, bushbaby
indri, indris
proboscidean, proboscidian
mastodon, mastodont
raccoon, racoon
bassarisk, cacomistle
bassarisk, cacomixle
bassarisk, ringtail
kinkajou, potto
coati, coati-mondi
coati, coati-mundi
gill, branchia
barracouta, snoek
crossopterygian, lobefin
cod, codfish
burbot, eelpout
burbot, ling
burbot, cusk
scrod, schrod
pollack, pollock
cusk, torsk
Macrouridae, Macruridae
grenadier, rattail
brit, britt
brisling, sprat
pilchard, sardine
coho, cohoe
char, charr
capelin, capelan
capelin, caplin
ladyfish, tenpounder
lizardfish, snakefish
lizardfish, snake-fish
lancetfish, wolffish
opah, moonfish
oarfish, ribbonfish
goosefish, angler
goosefish, anglerfish
goosefish, monkfish
goosefish, lotte
goosefish, allmouth
needlefish, gar
needlefish, billfish
Scomberesocidae, Scombresocidae
Scomberesox, Scombresox
saury, billfish
Perciformes, Percomorphi
walleye, dory
pearlfish, pearl-fish
sunfish, centrarchid
surfperch, surffish
remora, suckerfish
leatherjacket, leatherjack
threadfish, thread-fish
moonfish, horsefish
moonfish, horsehead
moonfish, horse-head
moonfish, dollarfish
amberjack, amberfish
dolphinfish, dolphin
dolphinfish, mahimahi
blanquillo, tilefish
characin, characid
piranha, pirana
piranha, caribe
antenna, feeler
barbel, feeler
swimmeret, pleopod
porkfish, pork-fish
pigfish, hogfish
pinfish, sailor's-choice
pinfish, squirrelfish
drum, drumfish
mulloway, jewfish
maigre, maiger
goatfish, surmullet
silversides, silverside
spadefish, angelfish
damselfish, demoiselle
puddingwife, pudding-wife
tautog, blackfish
cunner, bergall
parrotfish, pollyfish
wrymouth, ghostfish
wolffish, catfish
eelpout, pout
goby, gudgeon
mudskipper, mudspringer
doctorfish, doctor-fish
cutlassfish, hairtail
cero, pintado
cero, kingfish
tuna, tunny
butterfish, stromateid
Gerreidae, Gerridae
ganoin, ganoine
bowfin, grindle
bowfin, dogfish
paddlefish, duckbill
beluga, hausen
gar, garfish
gar, garpike
gar, billfish
Liparididae, Liparidae
snailfish, seasnail
leatherjacket, leatherfish
boxfish, trunkfish
puffer, pufferfish
puffer, blowfish
puffer, globefish
halibut, holibut
tonguefish, tongue-fish
metamere, somite
abattis, abatis
abattoir, butchery
abattoir, shambles
abattoir, slaughterhouse
abortifacient, aborticide
abrader, abradant
accelerator, throttle
accelerator, gas
accelerator, throttle
accelerator, gun
access, approach
accessory, appurtenance
accessory, supplement
accessory, add-on
accessory, accoutrement
accessory, accouterment
acebutolol, Sectral
acetaminophen, Datril
acetaminophen, Tylenol
acetaminophen, Panadol
acetaminophen, Phenaphen
acetaminophen, Tempra
acetanilide, acetanilid
acetanilide, phenylacetamide
acetophenetidin, acetphenetidin
acetophenetidin, phenacetin
acid, battery-acid
acid, dose
acid, dot
acid, Elvis
acid, pane
acid, superman
acid, Zen
acyclovir, Zovirax
Adam, ecstasy
Adam, XTC
Adam, go
Adam, cristal
Adam, X
adapter, adaptor
addition, add-on
addition, improver
admixture, intermixture
adz, adze
aglet, aiglet
aglet, aiguilette
aglet, aiglet
aigrette, aigret
airdock, hangar
airfield, field
airfoil, aerofoil
airfoil, surface
airline, airway
airplane, aeroplane
airplane, plane
airport, airdrome
airport, aerodrome
airport, drome
airship, dirigible
airstrip, strip
aisle, gangway
albuterol, Ventolin
albuterol, Proventil
alcove, bay
alendronate, Fosamax
alidade, alidad
alidade, alidad
alley, alleyway
allopurinol, Zyloprim
alprazolam, Xanax
altarpiece, reredos
aminopyrine, amidopyrine
amiodarone, Cordarone
amitriptyline, Elavil
ammunition, ammo
amoxicillin, Amoxil
amoxicillin, Larotid
amoxicillin, Polymox
amoxicillin, Trimox
amoxicillin, Augmentin
amphetamine, upper
amphetamine, speed
amphitheater, amphitheatre
amphitheater, coliseum
amphitheater, amphitheatre
ampicillin, Principen
ampicillin, Polycillin
ampicillin, SK-Ampicillin
amrinone, Inocor
amulet, talisman
analgesic, anodyne
analgesic, painkiller
analyzer, analyser
anamorphosis, anamorphism
andiron, firedog
andiron, dog
andiron, dog-iron
android, humanoid
anesthetic, anaesthetic
angiotensin, angiotonin
angiotensin, Hypertensin
anklet, anklets
anklet, bobbysock
anklet, bobbysocks
annex, annexe
annex, extension
annex, wing
annulet, bandelet
annulet, bandelette
annulet, bandlet
annulet, roundel
antenna, aerial
anteroom, antechamber
anteroom, hall
anteroom, foyer
anteroom, lobby
anteroom, vestibule
antiaircraft, flak
antiaircraft, flack
antiaircraft, pom-pom
antiaircraft, ack-ack
antibacterial, bactericide
anticoagulant, decoagulant
anticonvulsant, antiepileptic
antidote, counterpoison
antifungal, fungicide
antifungal, antimycotic
antipyretic, febrifuge
antispasmodic, spasmolytic
apartment, flat
apparatus, setup
apparel, dress
apparel, clothes
appliance, contraption
appliance, contrivance
appliance, convenience
appliance, gadget
appliance, gizmo
appliance, gismo
appliance, widget
applicator, applier
appointment, fitting
apse, apsis
aqualung, Aqua-Lung
aqualung, scuba
araroba, chrysarobin
arbor, arbour
arbor, bower
arbor, pergola
arcade, colonnade
arch, archway
arctic, galosh
arctic, golosh
arctic, rubber
arctic, gumshoe
argyle, argyll
argyle, argyll
argyll, argyle
arm, branch
arm, limb
armor, armour
armory, armoury
armory, arsenal
arquebus, harquebus
arquebus, hackbut
arquebus, hagbut
array, raiment
array, regalia
arsenal, armory
arsenal, armoury
arsenal, armory
arsenal, armoury
artillery, gun
artillery, ordnance
ashcan, wastebin
ashcan, ash-bin
ashcan, ashbin
ashcan, dustbin
asparaginase, Elspar
aspergill, aspersorium
aspirin, Bayer
aspirin, Empirin
assegai, assagai
astringent, styptic
atenolol, Tenormin
athenaeum, atheneum
atlas, telamon
atmometer, evaporometer
atomizer, atomiser
atomizer, spray
atomizer, sprayer
atomizer, nebulizer
atomizer, nebuliser
atorvastatin, Lipitor
attachment, bond
attire, garb
attire, dress
audiometer, sonometer
auger, gimlet
auger, wimble
autoclave, sterilizer
autoclave, steriliser
autogiro, autogyro
autogiro, gyroplane
autoloader, self-loader
automaton, robot
automaton, golem
avenue, boulevard
aviary, volary
awning, sunshade
awning, sunblind
ax, axe
azathioprine, Imuran
zidovudine, Retrovir
zidovudine, ZDV
zidovudine, AZT
azithromycin, Zithromax
aztreonam, Azactam
back, backrest
backdrop, background
backdrop, backcloth
background, desktop
backing, mount
backpack, knapsack
backpack, packsack
backpack, rucksack
backpack, haversack
bag, grip
bag, suitcase
bag, handbag
bag, pocketbook
bag, purse
bagatelle, fluff
bagatelle, frippery
bagatelle, frivolity
baggage, luggage
bait, decoy
bait, lure
bakery, bakeshop
bakery, bakehouse
baldric, baldrick
ballistocardiograph, cardiograph
ballpark, park
ballpoint, ballpen
ballpoint, Biro
Balmoral, bluebonnet
band, banding
band, stripe
band, ring
bandage, patch
bandanna, bandana
bandoleer, bandolier
bandstand, stand
bangle, bauble
bangle, gaud
bangle, gewgaw
bangle, novelty
bangle, fallal
bangle, trinket
banner, streamer
bannister, banister
bannister, balustrade
bannister, balusters
bannister, handrail
banyan, banian
barbecue, barbeque
barbican, barbacan
barbital, veronal
barbital, barbitone
barbital, diethylmalonylurea
barge, flatboat
barge, hoy
barge, lighter
bark, barque
barrel, cask
barrelhouse, honky-tonk
barroom, bar
barroom, saloon
barroom, ginmill
barroom, taproom
barrow, wheelbarrow
base, pedestal
base, stand
base, bag
baseboard, mopboard
basement, cellar
basic, staple
basket, handbasket
basket, hoop
bastard, mongrel
baste, basting
baste, tacking
bastion, citadel
bathhouse, bagnio
bathroom, bath
bathtub, bath
bathtub, tub
bathymeter, bathometer
bathyscaphe, bathyscaph
bathyscaphe, bathyscape
baton, wand
batting, batten
battle-ax, battle-axe
battlement, crenelation
battlement, crenellation
battleship, battlewagon
bazaar, bazar
bazaar, bazar
beacon, lighthouse
beacon, pharos
beading, bead
beading, beadwork
beading, astragal
beading, beadwork
beanie, beany
bearskin, busby
bearskin, shako
beaver, castor
bedclothes, bedding
Bedlam, madhouse
Bedlam, nuthouse
Bedlam, sanatorium
bedroom, chamber
bedroom, bedchamber
bedspread, bedcover
bedspread, counterpane
bedspread, spread
bedstead, bedframe
beehive, hive
beeper, pager
bellarmine, longbeard
bellarmine, long-beard
bellarmine, greybeard
beltway, bypass
beltway, ringway
bend, curve
Benzedrine, bennie
berth, bunk
bevel, cant
bevel, chamfer
bicorn, bicorne
bicycle, bike
bicycle, wheel
bicycle, cycle
bicycle-built-for-two, tandem
bikini, two-piece
bill, peak
bill, eyeshade
bill, visor
bill, vizor
bill, billhook
billboard, hoarding
binder, ligature
binder, ring-binder
binding, cover
binding, back
bioweapon, bioarm
biretta, berretta
biretta, birretta
blackboard, chalkboard
blackjack, cosh
blackjack, sap
blade, vane
blank, dummy
blanket, cover
blender, liquidizer
blender, liquidiser
blimp, sausage
blind, screen
blinker, flasher
blockage, block
blockage, closure
blockage, occlusion
blockage, stop
blockage, stoppage
bloomers, pants
bloomers, drawers
bloomers, knickers
blowgun, blowpipe
blowgun, blowtube
blowtorch, torch
blowtorch, blowlamp
blowtube, blowpipe
board, gameboard
boater, leghorn
boater, Panama
boater, sailor
boater, skimmer
bob, bobber
bob, cork
bob, bobfloat
bobbin, spool
bobbin, reel
bobsled, bobsleigh
bobsled, bob
bobsled, bobsleigh
bodkin, threader
bogy, bogie
bogy, bogey
bollard, bitt
bologram, bolograph
bolt, deadbolt
bombardon, bombard
bones, castanets
bones, clappers
book, volume
bookmark, bookmarker
bookshop, bookstore
bookshop, bookstall
bootee, bootie
booth, cubicle
booth, stall
booth, kiosk
bore, bore-hole
bottom, freighter
bottom, merchantman
boulle, boule
boulle, buhl
bouquet, corsage
bouquet, posy
bouquet, nosegay
bow, fore
bow, prow
bow, stem
bow, bowknot
box, loge
brace, bracing
brace, bitstock
brace, braces
brace, suspender
brace, gallus
bracelet, bangle
bracer, pick-me-up
bracer, armguard
bradawl, pricker
braid, braiding
brass, plaque
brassiere, bra
brassiere, bandeau
brazier, brasier
bread-bin, breadbox
breakwater, groin
breakwater, groyne
breakwater, mole
breakwater, bulwark
breakwater, seawall
breakwater, jetty
breastplate, aegis
breastplate, egis
breathalyzer, breathalyser
breechcloth, breechclout
breechcloth, loincloth
breeches, knickerbockers
breeches, knickers
bric-a-brac, knickknack
bric-a-brac, nicknack
bric-a-brac, knickknackery
bric-a-brac, whatnot
brickyard, brickfield
bridge, span
bridge, nosepiece
bridge, bridgework
brim, rim
brim, lip
briquette, briquet
broadax, broadaxe
broadcaster, spreader
brogan, brogue
brogan, clodhopper
brooch, broach
brooch, breastpin
bucket, pail
buff, buffer
buffer, fender
buffer, polisher
buffet, counter
buffet, sideboard
buggy, roadster
building, edifice
bulldozer, dozer
bullet, slug
bullfight, corrida
bullhorn, loud-hailer
bundle, sheaf
bung, spile
bungalow, cottage
bunker, trap
bunker, dugout
bur, burr
burette, buret
burqa, burka
burlap, gunny
burnous, burnoose
burnous, burnouse
bus, autobus
bus, coach
bus, charabanc
bus, double-decker
bus, jitney
bus, motorbus
bus, motorcoach
bus, omnibus
bus, jalopy
bus, heap
busbar, bus
buspirone, BuSpar
butt, stub
buttress, buttressing
BVD, BVD's
by-product, byproduct
by-product, spin-off
byway, bypath
byway, byroad
cab, hack
cab, taxi
cab, taxicab
cab, cabriolet
cabaret, nightclub
cabaret, club
cabaret, nightspot
cabinet, console
cabinet, locker
cable, line
cafe, coffeehouse
caftan, kaftan
caftan, kaftan
cage, coop
caisson, cofferdam
cake, bar
calash, caleche
calash, caleche
caldron, cauldron
caliper, calliper
calk, calkin
calpac, calpack
calpac, kalpac
camail, aventail
camail, ventail
camisole, underbodice
camouflage, camo
camp, encampment
camp, cantonment
camp, bivouac
campanile, belfry
can, tin
candelabrum, candelabra
candle, taper
canister, cannister
canister, tin
cannabis, marijuana
cannabis, marihuana
cannabis, ganja
canvas, canvass
canvas, canvass
canvas, canvass
capacitor, capacitance
capacitor, condenser
caparison, trapping
caparison, housing
cape, mantle
capital, chapiter
capital, cap
capstone, copestone
capstone, stretcher
captopril, Capoten
car, auto
car, automobile
car, machine
car, motorcar
car, railcar
car, gondola
carabiner, karabiner
carafe, decanter
caravansary, caravanserai
caravansary, khan
carburetor, carburettor
cardiograph, electrocardiograph
cargo, lading
cargo, freight
cargo, load
cargo, loading
cargo, payload
cargo, shipment
cargo, consignment
carousel, carrousel
carousel, merry-go-round
carousel, roundabout
carousel, whirligig
carousel, carrousel
carrack, carack
carrel, carrell
carrel, cubicle
carrel, stall
carriage, equipage
carriage, rig
carryall, holdall
carryall, tote
cartouche, cartouch
cartridge, pickup
case, showcase
case, vitrine
case, pillowcase
case, slip
cashbox, till
casing, case
casquet, casquetel
cast, casting
caster, castor
caster, castor
castle, rook
catapult, arbalest
catapult, arbalist
catapult, ballista
catapult, bricole
catapult, mangonel
catapult, onager
catapult, trebuchet
catapult, trebucket
catapult, launcher
catch, stop
Caterpillar, cat
catgut, gut
cathedral, duomo
cat-o'-nine-tails, cat
cautery, cauterant
CD-R, CD-WO
cefadroxil, Ultracef
cefoperazone, Cefobid
cefotaxime, Claforan
ceftazidime, Fortaz
ceftazidime, Tazicef
ceftriaxone, Rocephin
cefuroxime, Ceftin
cefuroxime, Zinacef
celecoxib, Celebrex
cell, cubicle
cellblock, ward
cello, violoncello
censer, thurible
center, centre
centerboard, centreboard
centerpiece, centrepiece
central, exchange
centrifuge, extractor
centrifuge, separator
cephalexin, Keflex
cephalexin, Keflin
cephalexin, Keftab
cephaloglycin, Kafocin
cephalosporin, Mefoxin
cerivastatin, Baycol
cesspool, cesspit
cesspool, sink
cesspool, sump
chachka, tsatske
chachka, tshatshke
chachka, tchotchke
chador, chadar
chador, chaddar
chador, chuddar
chain, string
chain, strand
chaise, shay
chalice, goblet
chamberpot, potty
chancel, sanctuary
chancel, bema
chandelier, pendant
chandelier, pendent
chanfron, chamfron
chanfron, testiere
chanfron, frontstall
chanfron, front-stall
charcoal, fusain
charge, burster
charge, bearing
checker, chequer
chemise, sack
chemise, shift
chemise, shimmy
chemise, shift
chemise, slip
chemise, teddy
cheval-de-frise, chevaux-de-frise
chiffonier, commode
chime, bell
chime, gong
chinaware, china
chip, microchip
chlorambucil, Leukeran
chloramine, chloramine-T
chloramphenicol, Chloromycetin
chlordiazepoxide, Librium
chlordiazepoxide, Libritabs
chloroform, trichloromethane
chlorothiazide, Diuril
chlorpromazine, Thorazine
chlortetracycline, Aureomycin
chlorthalidone, Hygroton
chlorthalidone, Thalidone
chock, wedge
choker, ruff
choker, ruffle
choker, collar
choker, neckband
chokey, choky
chopine, platform
chrism, chrisom
chute, slide
chute, slideway
cigarette, cigaret
cigarette, butt
cigarette, fag
cimetidine, Tagamet
cinch, girth
ciprofloxacin, Cipro
circle, round
cittern, cithern
cittern, cither
cittern, citole
cittern, gittern
civies, civvies
clamp, clinch
clamshell, grapple
clapper, tongue
classroom, schoolroom
clavier, Klavier
cleaver, chopper
clerestory, clearstory
clinch, clench
clinometer, inclinometer
cloakroom, coatroom
clofibrate, Atromid-S
clog, geta
clog, patten
clog, sabot
clomiphene, Clomid
clonidine, Catapres
clothing, vesture
clothing, wear
clothing, wearable
clothing, habiliment
clozapine, Clozaril
clubhouse, club
coach, four-in-hand
coach, coach-and-four
coalbin, coalhole
coating, coat
coatrack, hatrack
cobble, cobblestone
cobble, sett
cobweb, gossamer
cocaine, cocain
cockscomb, coxcomb
coffer, caisson
coffer, lacuna
coffin, casket
cog, sprocket
coil, spiral
coil, volute
coil, whorl
coil, helix
coke, blow
coke, snow
coke, C
colander, cullender
collage, montage
collar, neckband
collectible, collectable
colliery, pit
colorimeter, tintometer
colors, colours
colors, colours
colter, coulter
columbarium, cinerarium
column, pillar
column, pillar
comforter, pacifier
commodity, good
component, constituent
component, element
condom, rubber
condom, safety
condom, safe
condom, prophylactic
condominium, condo
confectionery, confectionary
conge, congee
connection, connexion
connection, connector
connection, connecter
connection, connective
conservatory, hothouse
conservatory, conservatoire
contact, tangency
contrabassoon, contrafagotto
contraceptive, preventive
contraceptive, preventative
control, controller
conventicle, meetinghouse
converter, convertor
conveyance, transport
cooler, tank
corbel, truss
cord, corduroy
cords, corduroys
corner, quoin
corner, nook
cornet, horn
cornet, trumpet
cornet, trump
cornice, valance
cornice, pelmet
corrective, restorative
corselet, corslet
corset, girdle
corset, stays
cosy, cozy
cotter, cottar
counter, tabulator
counterbore, countersink
counterpart, similitude
counterpart, twin
counterweight, counterbalance
counterweight, counterpoise
counterweight, balance
counterweight, equalizer
counterweight, equaliser
coupling, coupler
course, row
court, courtyard
court, courtroom
cowbarn, cowshed
cowbarn, cowhouse
cowbarn, byre
crack, tornado
cracker, snapper
crackle, crackleware
crampon, crampoon
crampon, climber
crampon, crampoon
crank, starter
cream, ointment
cream, emollient
credenza, credence
crematory, crematorium
crematory, crematorium
crenel, crenelle
crepe, crape
crib, cot
cringle, eyelet
cringle, loop
cringle, grommet
cringle, grummet
crochet, crocheting
crockery, dishware
crossing, crosswalk
crossing, crossover
crowbar, pry
crown, diadem
crown, crest
crown, crownwork
crown, jacket
crown, cap
crucifix, rood
crucifix, rood-tree
cruet, crewet
cubby, cubbyhole
cubby, snuggery
cubby, snug
cubbyhole, pigeonhole
cuff, turnup
cultivator, tiller
cupboard, closet
curb, curbing
curb, kerb
curbstone, kerbstone
curette, curet
curio, curiosity
curio, oddity
curio, oddment
curio, peculiarity
curio, rarity
curler, roller
curler, crimper
cursor, pointer
curtain, drape
curtain, drapery
curtain, mantle
curtain, pall
customhouse, customshouse
custom-made, custom-built
cut, gash
cutlas, cutlass
cutter, cutlery
cyclobenzaprine, Flexeril
cyma, cymatium
cyproheptadine, Periactin
Dacron, Terylene
dagger, sticker
dais, podium
dais, pulpit
dais, rostrum
dais, ambo
dais, stump
dais, soapbox
dam, dike
dam, dyke
dampener, moistener
damper, muffler
dashboard, fascia
dashiki, daishiki
daybook, ledger
decal, decalcomania
decoration, ornament
decoration, ornamentation
deep-freeze, Deepfreeze
deep-freeze, freezer
defroster, deicer
delavirdine, Rescriptor
delicatessen, deli
delineation, depiction
delineation, limning
denim, dungaree
denim, jean
densimeter, densitometer
denture, plate
deodorant, deodourant
depilatory, depilator
depilatory, epilator
depository, deposit
depository, depositary
depository, repository
design, pattern
design, figure
detector, sensor
detector, demodulator
detonator, cap
deuce, two
diaper, nappy
diaper, napkin
diaphragm, stop
diaphragm, pessary
diazepam, Valium
diazoxide, Hyperstat
dibble, dibber
dideoxycytosine, ddC
dideoxycytosine, DDC
dideoxycytosine, zalcitabine
dideoxyinosine, ddI
dideoxyinosine, DDI
dideoxyinosine, didanosine
die, dice
dickey, dickie
dickey, dicky
dickey, shirtfront
dickey, dickie
dickey, dicky
dickey, dickey-seat
dickey, dickie-seat
dickey, dicky-seat
dicloxacillin, Dynapen
dicumarol, dicoumarol
diethylstilbesterol, DES
diethylstilbesterol, stilbesterol
diffuser, diffusor
diffuser, diffusor
diflunisal, Dolobid
diggings, digs
diggings, domiciliation
diggings, lodgings
diggings, pad
diggings, digs
digitizer, digitiser
digoxin, Lanoxin
dilator, dilater
diltiazem, Cardizem
dimenhydrinate, Dramamine
dinghy, dory
dinghy, rowboat
dinky, dinkey
diphenhydramine, Benadryl
diphenylhydantoin, phenytoin
diphenylhydantoin, Dilantin
disco, discotheque
discus, saucer
dish, saucer
dishrag, dishcloth
disinfectant, germicide
disinfectant, antimicrobic
disinfectant, antimicrobial
disk, disc
diskette, floppy
display, presentation
distillery, still
distributor, distributer
disulfiram, Antabuse
divan, diwan
dock, dockage
doodad, doohickey
doodad, doojigger
doodad, gimmick
doodad, gizmo
doodad, gismo
doodad, gubbins
doodad, thingamabob
doodad, thingumabob
doodad, thingmabob
doodad, thingamajig
doodad, thingumajig
doodad, thingmajig
doodad, thingummy
doodad, whatchamacallit
doodad, whatchamacallum
doodad, whatsis
doodad, widget
doily, doyley
doily, doyly
doll, dolly
dolmen, cromlech
doorbell, bell
doorbell, buzzer
doorframe, doorcase
doorjamb, doorpost
doorknob, doorhandle
doorsill, doorstep
doorsill, threshold
doorstop, doorstopper
doorway, door
doorway, threshold
dormitory, dorm
dormitory, hall
dose, dosage
dosemeter, dosimeter
dossal, dossel
double-prop, twin-prop
double-prop, twin-propeller-plane
dovecote, columbarium
dovecote, columbary
dowel, joggle
doxazosin, Cardura
doxepin, Adapin
doxepin, Sinequan
doxycycline, Vibramycin
draft, draught
drain, drainpipe
draw, lot
drawers, underdrawers
drawers, shorts
drawers, boxers
drawers, boxershorts
drawknife, drawshave
drawstring, string
dray, camion
dreadnought, dreadnaught
dress, frock
drift, heading
drift, gallery
dripstone, hoodmold
dripstone, hoodmould
drive, parkway
driveway, drive
drone, bourdon
droshky, drosky
drugstore, chemist's
drugstore, pharmacy
drum, membranophone
drum, tympan
drumhead, head
dryer, drier
duffel, duffle
duplicate, duplication
duplicator, copier
dustcloth, dustrag
dustcloth, duster
duster, gaberdine
duster, gabardine
duster, smock
dwelling, home
dwelling, domicile
dwelling, abode
dwelling, habitation
dynamometer, ergometer
earflap, earlap
earphone, earpiece
earphone, headphone
earphone, phone
effigy, image
effigy, simulacrum
egg-and-dart, egg-and-anchor
egg-and-dart, egg-and-tongue
eggbeater, eggwhisk
eiderdown, duvet
eight-spot, eight
elevator, lift
elongation, extension
embroidery, fancywork
emetic, vomit
emetic, vomitive
emetic, nauseant
enalapril, Vasotec
encainide, Enkaid
encephalogram, pneumoencephalogram
end, remainder
end, remnant
end, oddment
energizer, energiser
enflurane, Ethrane
enlargement, blowup
enlargement, magnification
entrance, entranceway
entrance, entryway
entrance, entry
entrance, entree
entrenchment, intrenchment
envelope, gasbag
epaulet, epaulette
equalizer, equaliser
erythromycin, Erythrocin
erythromycin, E-Mycin
erythromycin, Ethril
erythromycin, Ilosone
erythromycin, Pediamycin
escarpment, escarp
escarpment, scarp
escutcheon, scutcheon
esmolol, Brevibloc
esophagoscope, oesophagoscope
estazolam, ProSom
etamine, etamin
etanercept, Enbrel
ethchlorvynol, Placidyl
ether, ethoxyethane
ethosuximide, Emeside
ethosuximide, Zarontin
etodolac, Lodine
exit, issue
exit, outlet
expectorant, expectorator
export, exportation
express, limited
expressway, freeway
expressway, motorway
expressway, pike
expressway, superhighway
expressway, throughway
expressway, thruway
extra, duplicate
eyecup, eyebath
eyelet, eyehole
eye-lotion, eyewash
eye-lotion, collyrium
eyepatch, patch
eyepiece, ocular
fabric, cloth
fabric, material
fabric, textile
facade, frontage
facade, frontal
facility, installation
facing, cladding
facing, veneer
facsimile, fax
facsimile, autotype
factory, mill
factory, manufactory
fagot, faggot
fagoting, faggoting
fake, sham
fake, postiche
fallboard, fall-board
famotidine, Pepcid
fanjet, fan-jet
fanjet, turbojet
fanjet, turbofan
fanjet, fan-jet
fanjet, turbofan
fanjet, turbojet
farmplace, farm-place
farmplace, farmstead
fastener, fastening
fastener, holdfast
fastener, fixing
faucet, spigot
fedora, homburg
fedora, Stetson
fedora, trilby
felloe, felly
fence, fencing
fender, wing
fender, buffer
fender, cowcatcher
fender, pilot
fenoprofen, Nalfon
Fentanyl, Sublimaze
ferrule, collet
ferry, ferryboat
fesse, fess
festoon, festoonery
fetoscope, foetoscope
fetter, hobble
fez, tarboosh
fiber, fibre
fiberboard, fibreboard
figurine, statuette
filigree, filagree
filigree, fillagree
fillet, stopping
finder, viewfinder
fingerstall, cot
firearm, piece
firearm, small-arm
firecracker, cracker
firecracker, banger
fireplace, hearth
fireplug, plug
firework, pyrotechnic
fishery, piscary
five-spot, five
fixings, trimmings
flag, flagstone
flagpole, flagstaff
flange, rim
flannel, gabardine
flannel, tweed
flannel, white
flap, flaps
flash, photoflash
flash, flashgun
flash, flashbulb
flashboard, flashboarding
flashlight, torch
flatcar, flatbed
flatcar, flat
flatware, silver
flecainide, Tambocor
fleur-de-lis, fleur-de-lys
flintlock, firelock
flip-flop, thong
flipper, fin
flood, floodlight
flood, photoflood
floor, flooring
floor, level
floor, storey
floor, story
flophouse, dosshouse
flotsam, jetsam
flugelhorn, fluegelhorn
fluke, flue
flunitrazepan, Rohypnol
fluoroscope, roentgenoscope
fluoxetine, Prozac
fluoxetine, Sarafem
flurazepam, Dalmane
flurbiprofen, Ansaid
flute, fluting
fluvastatin, Lescol
foil, transparency
fold, sheepfold
fold, sheepcote
folderal, falderol
folderal, frill
folderal, gimcrackery
folderal, gimcrack
folderal, nonsense
folderal, trumpery
foliation, foliage
follow-up, followup
footbridge, overcrossing
foothold, footing
footlocker, locker
footstool, footrest
footstool, ottoman
footstool, tuffet
footwear, footgear
forecastle, fo'c'sle
forge, smithy
formalwear, eveningwear
fortification, munition
fortress, fort
forum, assembly
foundation, base
foundation, fundament
foundation, foot
foundation, groundwork
foundation, substructure
foundation, understructure
foundry, metalworks
fountain, fount
fountain, jet
four-spot, four
frame, framing
frill, flounce
frill, ruffle
frill, furbelow
frontlet, frontal
furnishing, trappings
furosemide, Lasix
fuse, fuze
fuse, fusee
fuse, fuzee
fuse, primer
fuse, priming
fusee, fuzee
fusee, fuzee
gabapentin, Neurontin
gag, muzzle
galley, caboose
galley, cookhouse
gamp, brolly
gangplank, gangboard
gangplank, gangway
gantry, gauntry
gap, crack
garrison, fort
garrote, garotte
garrote, garrotte
garter, supporter
gasmask, respirator
gat, rod
gather, gathering
gauge, gage
gauntlet, gantlet
gauntlet, gantlet
gauze, netting
gauze, veiling
gazebo, summerhouse
gear, cogwheel
gear, paraphernalia
gear, appurtenance
gearing, gear
gearing, geartrain
gearing, train
gearshift, gearstick
gearshift, shifter
gelatin, gel
gelignite, gelly
gem, treasure
gemfibrozil, Lopid
gentamicin, Garamycin
ghillie, gillie
gilt, gilding
girandole, girandola
girdle, cincture
girdle, sash
girdle, waistband
girdle, waistcloth
glassware, glasswork
glider, sailplane
glipizide, Glucotrol
glutethimide, Doriden
glyburide, DiaBeta
glyburide, Micronase
glyptics, lithoglyptics
goffer, gauffer
goffer, gauffer
golliwog, golliwogg
gong, tam-tam
gore, panel
gorgerin, necking
gourd, calabash
governor, regulator
gown, robe
gown, scrubs
graffito, graffiti
grail, Sangraal
granary, garner
grapeshot, grape
grapnel, grapple
grapnel, grappler
grate, grating
grate, grating
grave, tomb
graver, pointel
graver, pointrel
gravestone, headstone
gravestone, tombstone
gravure, photogravure
gravure, heliogravure
grey, gray
grease-gun, gun
greatcoat, overcoat
greatcoat, topcoat
greave, jambeau
greenhouse, nursery
greenhouse, glasshouse
grid, gridiron
grigri, gres-gris
grigri, greegree
grill, grille
grill, grillwork
grillroom, grill
griseofulvin, Fulvicin
grocery, foodstuff
ground, earth
grove, woodlet
grove, orchard
grove, plantation
G-string, thong
guanabenz, Wytensin
guard, safety
gunsight, gun-sight
gunwale, gunnel
gusset, inset
gutter, trough
gymnasium, gym
gyroscope, gyro
gyrostabilizer, gyrostabiliser
haft, helve
haik, haick
haircloth, hair
hairpiece, postiche
halftone, photoengraving
hallway, hall
haloperidol, Haldol
halter, hackamore
halyard, halliard
hammer, cock
hammock, sack
handcart, pushcart
handcart, cart
handcart, go-cart
handcuff, cuff
handcuff, handlock
handcuff, manacle
handicraft, handcraft
handicraft, handiwork
handicraft, handwork
handkerchief, hankie
handkerchief, hanky
handkerchief, hankey
handle, grip
handle, handgrip
handle, hold
harbor, harbour
hardback, hardcover
hardware, ironware
harem, hareem
harem, seraglio
harem, serail
harmonica, harp
harmonium, organ
harpsichord, cembalo
harvester, reaper
hashish, hasheesh
hashish, haschisch
hashish, hash
hat, chapeau
hat, lid
hatchel, heckle
hatchway, opening
hatchway, scuttle
hauberk, byrnie
haven, oasis
hawse, hawsehole
hawse, hawsepipe
hayloft, haymow
hayloft, mow
hayrack, hayrig
headdress, headgear
header, coping
header, cope
header, lintel
headlight, headlamp
headpin, kingpin
headquarters, HQ
headstall, headpiece
hearth, fireside
heater, warmer
hectograph, heliotype
hedge, hedgerow
helicon, bombardon
helicopter, chopper
helicopter, whirlybird
helicopter, eggbeater
hematinic, haematinic
hematocrit, haematocrit
hemostat, haemostat
hemstitch, hemstitching
heparin, Lipo-Hepin
heparin, Liquaemin
heroin, diacetylmorphine
hideaway, retreat
highboy, tallboy
hindrance, hinderance
hindrance, hitch
hindrance, preventive
hindrance, preventative
hindrance, encumbrance
hindrance, incumbrance
hindrance, interference
hobby, hobbyhorse
hold, keep
hollowware, holloware
hologram, holograph
honkytonk, dive
hood, bonnet
hood, cowl
hood, cowling
hook, claw
hookah, narghile
hookah, nargileh
hookah, sheesha
hookah, shisha
hookah, chicha
hookah, calean
hookah, kalian
hookah, hubble-bubble
hookah, hubbly-bubbly
hookup, assemblage
hoop, ring
hoopskirt, crinoline
hoosegow, hoosgow
hop-picker, hopper
hopsacking, hopsack
hornpipe, pibgorn
hornpipe, stockhorn
horseshoe, shoe
hose, hosepipe
hosiery, hose
hospital, infirmary
hostel, hostelry
hostel, inn
hostel, lodge
hostel, auberge
hotel-casino, casino-hotel
hotel-casino, casino-hotel
housing, lodging
hovel, hut
hovel, hutch
hovel, shack
hovel, shanty
howdah, houdah
huarache, huaraches
huck, huckaback
Humvee, Hum-Vee
hydralazine, Apresoline
hydrochlorothiazide, Microzide
hydrochlorothiazide, Esidrix
hydrochlorothiazide, HydroDIURIL
hydrofoil, hydroplane
hydrofoil, foil
hydrometer, gravimeter
hydroxychloroquine, Plaquenil
ibuprofen, Advil
ibuprofen, Motrin
ibuprofen, Nuprin
iceboat, scooter
icebreaker, iceboat
icon, ikon
idol, god
igloo, iglu
imbrication, overlapping
imbrication, lapping
imipramine, Imavate
imipramine, Tofranil
counterfeit, forgery
immunosuppressant, immunosuppressor
immunosuppressant, immunosuppressive
import, importation
in-basket, in-tray
incrustation, encrustation
incubator, brooder
indapamide, Lozal
indinavir, Crixivan
indomethacin, Indocin
inductor, inductance
inflater, inflator
infliximab, Remicade
infrastructure, base
infrastructure, substructure
inhalant, inhalation
inhaler, inhalator
inkwell, inkstand
insert, inset
insole, innersole
inspiration, brainchild
instrumentality, instrumentation
intaglio, diaglyph
intake, inlet
integrator, planimeter
interface, port
internet, net
internet, cyberspace
intersection, crossroad
intersection, crossway
intersection, crossing
intersection, carrefour
invention, innovation
iodochlorhydroxyquin, Clioquinol
iodoform, triiodomethane
irons, chains
irregular, second
isocarboxazid, Marplan
isoniazid, INH
isoniazid, Nydrazid
isoproterenol, Isuprel
isosorbide, Isordil
itraconazole, Sporanox
jack, knave
jack, jackstones
jackstraw, spillikin
jag, dag
jail, jailhouse
jail, gaol
jail, clink
jail, slammer
jail, poky
jail, pokey
jampot, jamjar
jean, denim
jeep, landrover
jeroboam, double-magnum
jersey, T-shirt
jewel, gem
jewelry, jewellery
jiggermast, jigger
jigsaw, fretsaw
jimdandy, jimhickey
jimdandy, crackerjack
jimmy, jemmy
jinrikisha, ricksha
jinrikisha, rickshaw
joint, reefer
joint, stick
joint, spliff
juke, jook
juju, voodoo
juju, hoodoo
juju, fetish
juju, fetich
jukebox, nickelodeon
jumper, pinafore
jumper, pinny
junction, conjunction
K, jet
K, green
Kaaba, Caaba
kanamycin, Kantrex
kat, khat
kat, qat
kat, quat
kat, cat
keep, donjon
keep, dungeon
keepsake, souvenir
keepsake, token
keepsake, relic
kennel, doghouse
ketamine, Ketalar
ketoprofen, Orudis
ketoprofen, Oruvail
ketorolac, Torodal
kettle, boiler
kettle, kettledrum
kettle, tympanum
kettle, tympani
kettle, timpani
keystone, key
keystone, headstone
khadi, khaddar
kingbolt, kingpin
kit, outfit
klaxon, claxon
knee-high, knee-hi
knickknack, novelty
knight, horse
knit, knitting
knit, knitwork
knit, plain
knob, boss
knob, pommel
knobkerrie, knobkerry
knocker, doorknocker
knocker, rapper
knockoff, clone
kris, creese
kris, crease
krummhorn, crumhorn
krummhorn, cromorne
kylie, kiley
kylix, cylix
kymograph, cymograph
laager, lager
lab, laboratory
labetalol, Trandate
labetalol, Normodyne
lace, lacing
lacuna, blank
lagan, lagend
lagan, ligan
lamivudine, 3TC
lancet, lance
lanyard, laniard
lanyard, laniard
lanyard, laniard
lap, overlap
larboard, port
lash, thong
lash-up, contrivance
lasso, lariat
lasso, riata
lasso, reata
lathi, lathee
lattice, latticework
lattice, fretwork
launderette, Laundromat
laundry, wash
laundry, washing
laundry, washables
lavaliere, lavalier
lavaliere, lavalliere
court, lawcourt
layer, bed
lazaretto, lazaret
lazaretto, lazarette
lazaretto, pesthouse
lead, leading
leash, tether
leash, lead
leflunomide, Arava
legging, leging
lemon, stinker
lens, lense
leotard, unitard
levallorphan, Lorfan
Levi's, levis
Lidocaine, Xylocaine
lighter, light
lighter, igniter
lighter, ignitor
likeness, semblance
limiter, clipper
limousine, limo
linchpin, lynchpin
lincomycin, Lincocin
liner, lining
liniment, embrocation
lining, liner
link, linkup
link, tie
link, tie-in
lisinopril, Prinival
lisinopril, Zestril
lister, middlebreaker
litterbin, litter-basket
load, loading
load, burden
locomotive, engine
loft, attic
loft, garret
lookout, observatory
lorazepam, Ativan
lorry, camion
lotion, application
loudspeaker, speaker
louver, louvre
louver, fin
lovastatin, Mevacor
loxapine, Loxitane
LP, L-P
lugsail, lug
lumbermill, sawmill
lunette, fenestella
lungi, lungyi
lungi, longyi
lychgate, lichgate
machete, matchet
machete, panga
macintosh, mackintosh
macintosh, mac
macintosh, mack
mackintosh, macintosh
magazine, cartridge
magnetometer, gaussmeter
mailbag, postbag
mailboat, packet
maisonette, maisonnette
maisonette, maisonnette
majolica, maiolica
makeup, make-up
makeweight, filler
mallet, beetle
mallet, hammer
man, piece
manger, trough
mannequin, manikin
mannequin, mannikin
mannequin, manakin
mannequin, form
mannitol, Osmitrol
mansion, manse
mansion, hall
mansion, residence
mantel, mantelpiece
mantel, mantle
mantel, mantlepiece
mantel, chimneypiece
mantelet, mantilla
mantelet, mantlet
marimba, xylophone
marketplace, mart
marketplace, market
marlinespike, marlinspike
marlinespike, marlingspike
marquee, marquise
marquetry, marqueterie
masjid, musjid
mastaba, mastabah
master, original
masterpiece, chef-d'oeuvre
mat, matting
match, lucifer
match, mate
materiel, equipage
maul, sledge
maul, sledgehammer
maulstick, mahlstick
maze, labyrinth
meclizine, Antivert
meclofenamate, Meclomen
medicine, medication
medicine, medicament
mefloquine, Larium
mefloquine, Mephaquine
melphalan, Alkeran
memorial, monument
memory, storage
memory, store
menagerie, zoo
mend, patch
mend, darn
meperidine, Demerol
mephenytoin, Mesantoin
mephobarbital, Mebaral
meprobamate, Miltown
meprobamate, Equanil
meprobamate, Meprin
merbromine, Mercurochrome
mercaptopurine, Purinethol
merchandise, ware
merchandise, product
mescaline, peyote
metaproterenol, Alupent
meterstick, metrestick
metformin, Glucophage
methacholine, Mecholyl
methadone, methadon
methadone, fixer
methamphetamine, Methedrine
methamphetamine, meth
methamphetamine, deoxyephedrine
methamphetamine, chalk
methamphetamine, crank
methamphetamine, glass
methamphetamine, ice
methamphetamine, shabu
methamphetamine, trash
methaqualone, Quaalude
metharbital, Gemonil
methenamine, Mandelamine
methenamine, Urex
methocarbamol, Robaxin
methotrexate, amethopterin
methyldopa, Aldomet
methylenedioxymethamphetamine, MDMA
methylphenidate, Ritalin
metoprolol, Lopressor
metro, tube
metro, underground
metro, subway
metronidazole, Flagyl
mexiletine, Mexitil
mezzanine, entresol
mezzo-relievo, mezzo-rilievo
mezzo-relievo, half-relief
miconazole, Monistat
microphone, mike
midazolam, Versed
mill, grinder
millrace, millrun
mimeograph, mimeo
mimeograph, Roneo
mimeograph, Roneograph
miniature, toy
miniature, illumination
minibar, cellaret
minibike, motorbike
miniskirt, mini
minisub, minisubmarine
minocycline, Minocin
minoxidil, Loniten
minoxidil, Rogaine
miter, mitre
miter, mitre
mithramycin, Mithracin
mitomycin, Mutamycin
mizzen, mizen
mizzenmast, mizenmast
mizzenmast, mizzen
mizzenmast, mizen
moat, fosse
moccasin, mocassin
model, simulation
moire, watered-silk
mold, mould
mold, cast
mold, mould
mold, molding
mold, moulding
mold, modeling
moldboard, mouldboard
molding, moulding
molding, border
molding, moulding
molindone, Moban
monocle, eyeglass
monstrance, ostensorium
morgue, mortuary
morion, cabasset
morphine, morphia
mortar, howitzer
mortarboard, hawk
mortise, mortice
mosaic, photomosaic
motif, motive
motorboat, powerboat
motorcycle, bike
mound, hill
mound, hill
mount, setting
mouthpiece, embouchure
mouthpiece, gumshield
mudguard, splash-guard
mule, scuff
munition, ordnance
nabumetone, Relafen
nadolol, Corgard
nafcillin, Nafcil
nalorphine, Nalline
naloxone, Narcan
naphazoline, Privine
naphazoline, Sudafed
napkin, serviette
naproxen, Naprosyn
nard, spikenard
naumachy, naumachia
neckcloth, stock
necktie, tie
needlework, needlecraft
nefazodone, Serzone
negligee, neglige
negligee, peignoir
negligee, wrapper
negligee, housecoat
nelfinavir, Viracept
neomycin, fradicin
neomycin, Neobiotic
neostigmine, Prostigmin
net, network
net, mesh
net, meshing
net, meshwork
nevirapine, Viramune
newspaper, paper
nifedipine, Procardia
nightgown, gown
nightgown, nightie
nightgown, night-robe
nightgown, nightdress
nightwear, sleepwear
nightwear, nightclothes
ninepin, skittle
nine-spot, nine
nitrofurantoin, Macrodantin
Nitrospan, Nitrostat
node, client
node, guest
nomogram, nomograph
nortriptyline, Pamelor
nosebag, feedbag
noseband, nosepiece
nozzle, nose
numdah, nammad
nylons, rayons
nystatin, Mycostatin
nystatin, Nystan
oboe, hautboy
oboe, hautbois
obstruction, obstructor
obstruction, obstructer
obstruction, impediment
obstruction, impedimenta
odometer, hodometer
odometer, mileometer
odometer, milometer
oeuvre, work
oilskin, slicker
ointment, unction
ointment, unguent
ointment, balm
ointment, salve
organdy, organdie
orphenadrine, Norflex
orthopter, ornithopter
oscilloscope, scope
oscilloscope, CRO
otoscope, auriscope
otoscope, auroscope
ottoman, pouf
ottoman, pouffe
ottoman, puff
ottoman, hassock
out-basket, out-tray
outerwear, overclothes
outfit, getup
outfit, rig
outfit, turnout
outhouse, privy
outhouse, earth-closet
outhouse, jakes
output, outturn
output, turnout
overall, boilersuit
overcast, overcasting
overcoat, overcoating
overload, overburden
overpass, flyover
overprint, surprint
ovolo, thumb
oxaprozin, Daypro
oxazepam, Serax
oxyphenbutazone, Tandearil
oxyphencyclimine, Daricon
oxytetracycline, hydroxytetracycline
oxytetracycline, Terramycin
package, parcel
pad, inkpad
padding, cushioning
paillasse, palliasse
paint, pigment
painting, picture
pajama, pyjama
pajama, pj's
pajama, jammies
pajama, pyjama
palace, castle
palanquin, palankeen
palestra, palaestra
palette, pallet
pall, shroud
pall, cerement
pall, winding-sheet
pall, winding-clothes
pallette, palette
palliative, alleviant
palliative, alleviator
panacea, nostrum
panacea, catholicon
panacea, cure-all
panatela, panetela
panatela, panetella
paneling, panelling
paneling, pane
panorama, cyclorama
panorama, diorama
panpipe, syrinx
pantie, panty
pantie, scanty
pantie, step-in
panting, trousering
pantry, larder
pantry, buttery
papaverine, Kavrin
parachute, chute
parapet, breastwork
parasol, sunshade
pargeting, pargetting
pargeting, pargetry
parka, windbreaker
parka, windcheater
parka, anorak
parlor, parlour
paroxetime, Paxil
parquetry, parqueterie
parsonage, vicarage
parsonage, rectory
part, portion
partisan, partizan
partition, divider
passkey, passe-partout
passkey, master
patchouli, patchouly
patchouli, pachouli
pathway, footpath
patio, terrace
pavement, paving
pavilion, marquee
pavior, paviour
pavis, pavise
pawl, detent
pawl, click
pawl, dog
pay-phone, pay-station
peavey, peavy
pedal, treadle
pedestal, plinth
pedestal, footstall
peephole, spyhole
peephole, eyehole
peg, nog
peg, pin
peg, thole
peg, tholepin
peg, rowlock
peg, oarlock
peg, leg
peg, pegleg
pendant, pendent
penicillamine, Cuprimine
penitentiary, pen
pennant, pennon
pennant, streamer
pennant, waft
pennoncel, penoncel
pennoncel, pennoncelle
pennywhistle, whistle
pentaerythritol, Peritrate
pentazocine, Talwin
pentoxifylline, Trental
pentylenetetrazol, pentamethylenetetrazol
pentylenetetrazol, Metrazol
peplos, peplus
peplos, peplum
perfume, essence
periwig, peruke
perphenazine, Triavil
pestle, muller
pestle, pounder
petticoat, half-slip
petticoat, underskirt
pharmaceutical, pharmaceutic
phenazopyridine, Pyridium
phencyclidine, PCP
phenelzine, Nardil
phensuximide, Milontin
phentolamine, Vasomax
phenylbutazone, Butazolidin
phial, vial
phial, ampule
phial, ampul
phial, ampoule
photograph, photo
photograph, exposure
photograph, picture
photograph, pic
piano, pianoforte
piano, forte-piano
pick, pickax
pick, pickaxe
pick, plectrum
pick, plectron
picket, pale
pickup, pick-me-up
picture, image
picture, icon
picture, ikon
pier, wharf
pier, wharfage
pier, dock
pile, nap
pile, spile
pile, piling
pile, stilt
pill, lozenge
pill, tablet
pill, tab
pill, anovulant
pillbox, toque
pillbox, turban
pilothouse, wheelhouse
pin, flag
pincer, tweezer
pindolol, Visken
pipe, pipage
pipe, piping
pipeline, line
piperacillin, Pipracil
piperocaine, Metycaine
pipet, pipette
piroxicam, Feldene
pistol, handgun
piston, plunger
pit, quarry
pit, pitfall
pitcher, ewer
pitprop, sprag
pivot, pin
pixel, pel
plane, planer
plant, works
plaster, plasterwork
plate, scale
plate, shell
playbox, play-box
playpen, pen
plaything, toy
plaza, mall
plaza, center
pleat, plait
pleximeter, plessimeter
plexor, plessor
plexor, percussor
pliers, plyers
plow, plough
plowshare, ploughshare
plowshare, share
plug, stopper
plug, stopple
plywood, plyboard
point, gunpoint
poker, salamander
polarimeter, polariscope
poleax, poleaxe
poleax, poleaxe
polypropenonitrile, Acrilan
pomade, pomatum
pommel, saddlebow
pompon, pom-pom
poniard, bodkin
port, embrasure
port, porthole
portmanteau, Gladstone
portrait, portrayal
postbox, mailbox
pot, grass
pot, dope
pot, weed
pot, gage
pot, sess
pot, sens
pot, smoke
pot, skunk
pot, locoweed
pot, flowerpot
potentiometer, pot
pottery, clayware
poultice, cataplasm
poultice, plaster
powderpuff, puff
praetorium, pretorium
pravastatin, Pravachol
prazosin, Minipress
preventive, preventative
preventive, prophylactic
primidone, Mysoline
procaine, Ethocaine
procyclidine, Kemadrin
prod, goad
product, production
projectile, missile
promenade, mall
promethazine, Phenergan
prompter, autocue
propanolol, Inderal
propeller, propellor
property, prop
propjet, turboprop
propoxyphene, Darvon
proscenium, apron
proscenium, forestage
pruner, lopper
psilocybin, psilocin
pullback, tieback
pulley, pulley-block
pulley, block
pull-in, pull-up
pull-off, layby
pull-off, lay-by
pullover, slipover
punch, puncher
puppet, marionette
purgative, cathartic
purgative, physic
purgative, aperient
pusher, zori
pyx, pix
pyx, pix
quad, quadrangle
quad, space
quilt, comforter
quilt, comfort
quilt, puff
quinacrine, mepacrine
quinacrine, Atabrine
quinidine, Quinidex
quinidine, Quinora
quoin, coign
quoin, coigne
quoin, coign
quoin, coigne
R-2, rophy
R-2, rope
R-2, roofy
R-2, roach
R-2, circle
rabato, rebato
rabbet, rebate
racetrack, racecourse
racetrack, raceway
racetrack, track
raceway, race
rack, stand
rack, wheel
racket, racquet
radar, radiolocation
radio, wireless
radiogram, radiograph
radiogram, shadowgraph
radiogram, skiagraph
radiogram, skiagram
radio-phonograph, radio-gramophone
radiophotograph, radiophoto
radiotelegraph, radiotelegraphy
radiotelephone, radiophone
rafter, balk
rafter, baulk
rag, shred
rag, tag
rag, tatter
railing, rail
railway, railroad
raincoat, waterproof
ramekin, ramequin
ramipril, Altace
ramjet, atherodyde
ramjet, athodyd
ramp, incline
rampart, bulwark
rampart, wall
ranch, spread
ranitidine, Zantac
rapier, tuck
ratchet, rachet
ratchet, ratch
ratline, ratlin
rattan, ratan
readout, read-out
reamer, juicer
rear, back
reboxetine, Edronax
recess, niche
recliner, lounger
reflection, reflexion
refrigerator, icebox
refuge, sanctuary
refuge, asylum
release, button
relief, relievo
relief, rilievo
relief, embossment
remake, remaking
remedy, curative
remedy, cure
remedy, therapeutic
rep, repp
replica, replication
replica, reproduction
repository, monument
reserpine, Raudixin
reserpine, Rau-Sed
reserpine, Sandril
reserpine, Serpasil
resistor, resistance
respirator, inhalator
restaurant, eatery
restraint, constraint
reticle, reticule
reticle, graticule
retread, recap
revers, revere
reverse, verso
revetment, revetement
revolver, six-gun
revolver, six-shooter
riband, ribband
ribavirin, Virazole
rickrack, ricrac
ridge, ridgepole
ridge, rooftree
rifampin, Rifadin
rifampin, Rimactane
rig, rigging
rigging, tackle
ring, band
ripsaw, splitsaw
ritonavir, Norvir
road, route
roadblock, barricade
roadster, runabout
roadster, two-seater
rocker, cradle
rocket, projectile
roentgenogram, X-ray
rofecoxib, Vioxx
rouge, paint
rouge, blusher
rudderpost, rudderstock
rug, carpet
rug, carpeting
rule, ruler
rundle, spoke
rundle, rung
rung, round
rung, stave
saber, sabre
sack, poke
sack, sacque
sacking, bagging
safe-deposit, safety-deposit
safe-deposit, lockbox
sail, canvas
sail, canvass
sail, sheet
sallet, salade
salwar, shalwar
samisen, shamisen
sanatorium, sanatarium
sanatorium, sanitarium
sandbox, sandpile
sandbox, sandpit
sarcenet, sarsenet
sari, saree
satellite, orbiter
satinet, satinette
sawhorse, horse
sawhorse, sawbuck
sawhorse, buck
sax, saxophone
scaffolding, staging
scantling, stud
scapular, scapulary
scarecrow, strawman
scarecrow, bird-scarer
scarecrow, scarer
scauper, scorper
scene, view
scenery, scene
schlock, shlock
schlock, dreck
school, schoolhouse
scopolamine, hyoscine
scourge, flagellum
screen, cover
screen, covert
screen, concealment
scribble, scrabble
scribble, doodle
scriber, scribe
seal, stamp
seaplane, hydroplane
seascape, waterscape
seating, seats
secretary, escritoire
secretary, secretaire
section, segment
sedan, saloon
sedative, depressant
sedative, downer
seesaw, teeter
seesaw, teeter-totter
seesaw, teetertotter
seesaw, teeterboard
self-feeder, feeder
selsyn, synchro
selvage, selvedge
selvage, selvedge
semitrailer, semi
sequence, episode
sequencer, sequenator
sequin, spangle
sequin, diamante
serape, sarape
sertraline, Zoloft
server, host
servo, servomechanism
servo, servosystem
set-back, setoff
set-back, offset
settle, settee
seven-spot, seven
seventy-eight, 78
sewer, sewerage
sewer, cloaca
sewing, stitchery
shackle, bond
shackle, hamper
shackle, trammel
shaft, scape
shank, waist
shank, stem
shard, sherd
shard, fragment
sheathing, overlay
sheathing, overlayer
sheepwalk, sheeprun
sheet, tack
sheet, mainsheet
sheet, shroud
shell, case
shell, casing
shield, buckler
shillelagh, shillalah
shirtwaist, shirtwaister
shoelace, shoestring
shofar, shophar
shop, store
shopfront, storefront
shore, shoring
shortcut, cutoff
shortcut, crosscut
shot, pellet
shotgun, scattergun
shoulder, berm
showroom, salesroom
showroom, saleroom
shunt, bypass
shuttlecock, bird
shuttlecock, birdie
shuttlecock, shuttle
sidewalk, pavement
siding, turnout
siding, sidetrack
sieve, screen
signboard, sign
sildenafil, Viagra
silencer, muffler
silkscreen, serigraph
simvastatin, Zocor
singlestick, backsword
singlet, vest
singlet, undershirt
siphon, syphon
six-pack, sixpack
six-spot, six
skeleton, frame
skeleton, underframe
sketch, study
skylight, fanlight
skyrocket, rocket
slat, spline
sled, sledge
sled, sleigh
sleeve, arm
slingback, sling
slingshot, sling
slingshot, catapult
sluice, sluiceway
sluice, penstock
sluicegate, floodgate
sluicegate, penstock
smelter, smeltery
smokestack, stack
snapshot, snap
snapshot, shot
snare, gin
snare, noose
snip, snippet
snip, snipping
snips, tinsnips
snorkel, schnorkel
snorkel, schnorchel
snorkel, breather
snowplow, snowplough
soap, scoop
soap, max
soap, goop
sofa, couch
sofa, lounge
solleret, sabaton
sonar, asdic
sonogram, echogram
soporific, hypnotic
soundbox, body
sourdine, sordino
spandrel, spandril
spat, gaiter
spear, lance
spear, shaft
spear, gig
spear, fizgig
spear, fishgig
spear, lance
spearhead, spearpoint
spearhead, spear-point
spectacles, specs
spectacles, eyeglasses
spectacles, glasses
spectrogram, spectrograph
spermicide, spermatocide
spike, spindle
spillway, spill
spillway, wasteweir
spindle, mandrel
spindle, mandril
spindle, arbor
spine, backbone
spiral, volute
spittoon, cuspidor
splashboard, splasher
splashboard, dashboard
splice, splicing
spoke, radius
sportswear, activewear
spotlight, spot
springer, impost
spur, gad
saquinavir, Invirase
stabilizer, stabiliser
stable, stalls
stadium, bowl
stadium, arena
stagecoach, stage
stairs, steps
stairway, staircase
stall, stand
stamp, pestle
standard, banner
starship, spaceship
stave, lag
steakhouse, chophouse
steamer, steamship
steeple, spire
stele, stela
step, stair
stereo, stereophony
stern, quarter
stern, poop
stern, tail
stick, joystick
stimulant, excitant
stock, inventory
stock, gunstock
stockinet, stockinette
stogy, stogie
stokehold, stokehole
stokehold, fireroom
stoop, stoep
stopcock, cock
stopcock, turncock
storehouse, depot
storehouse, entrepot
storehouse, storage
storehouse, store
storeroom, stowage
stoup, stoop
stove, range
Stradavarius, Strad
straightaway, straight
straitjacket, straightjacket
streetcar, tram
streetcar, tramcar
streetcar, trolley
strengthener, reinforcement
string, twine
strip, slip
stroboscope, strobe
strongbox, deedbox
stronghold, fastness
structure, construction
stud, rivet
stupa, tope
sty, pigsty
sty, pigpen
stylus, style
subject, content
submarine, pigboat
submarine, sub
submarine, U-boat
subsection, subdivision
sucralfate, Carafate
sudatorium, sudatory
sudorific, sudatory
suite, rooms
sulfacetamide, Sulamyd
sulfamethazine, sulfamezathine
sulfamethoxazole, Gantanol
sulfisoxazole, Gantrisin
sulindac, Clinoril
sum, total
sum, totality
sum, aggregate
sunglasses, shades
sunroof, sunshine-roof
sunscreen, sunblock
suppressor, suppresser
swab, swob
swab, mop
swathe, wrapping
swatter, flyswatter
swatter, flyswat
sweater, jumper
swimsuit, swimwear
switchblade, flick-knife
switchboard, patchboard
switchboard, plugboard
sword, blade
sword, brand
sword, steel
synagogue, temple
synagogue, tabernacle
synchroscope, synchronoscope
synchroscope, synchronizer
synchroscope, synchroniser
synthesizer, synthesiser
tabi, tabis
tabor, tabour
taboret, tabouret
tachistoscope, t-scope
tachometer, tach
tachymeter, tacheometer
tadalafil, Cialis
taenia, tenia
taenia, fillet
tail, empennage
tailgate, tailboard
tam, tam-o'-shanter
tam, tammy
tamp, tamper
tampion, tompion
tap, spigot
tapa, tappa
tape, taping
tape, tapeline
tapestry, arras
tapestry, tapis
target, butt
tarmacadam, tarmac
tarmacadam, macadam
tarpaulin, tarp
tartan, plaid
tasset, tasse
taw, shooter
teashop, teahouse
teashop, tearoom
telegraph, telegraphy
telephone, phone
telephotograph, telephoto
telescope, scope
teletypewriter, teleprinter
teletypewriter, telex
telpher, telfer
telpherage, telferage
temazepam, Restoril
tender, pinnace
tender, cutter
ten-spot, ten
tent-fly, rainfly
tent-fly, fly
tepee, tipi
tepee, teepee
terazosin, Hytrin
terbinafine, Lamisil
terminal, terminus
terminal, depot
terminal, pole
terminus, term
terry, terrycloth
tetrachlorethylene, tetrachloroethylene
tetracycline, Achromycin
tetrahydrocannabinol, THC
tetraskelion, tetraskele
theater, theatre
theater, house
theodolite, transit
theophylline, Elixophyllin
theophylline, Slo-Bid
theophylline, Theobid
thermograph, thermometrograph
thermohydrometer, thermogravimeter
thermostat, thermoregulator
thimerosal, Merthiolate
thiopental, Pentothal
thioridazine, Mellaril
thiothixene, Navane
thread, yarn
thresher, thrasher
thumbtack, pushpin
tie, crosstie
tie, sleeper
tights, leotards
timepiece, timekeeper
timepiece, horologe
timolol, Blocadren
tire, tyre
TNT, trinitrotoluene
tobacco, baccy
tobramycin, Nebcin
tocainide, Tonocard
togs, threads
togs, duds
toilet, lavatory
toilet, lav
toilet, can
toilet, john
toilet, privy
toilet, bathroom
toilet, can
toilet, commode
toilet, crapper
toilet, pot
toilet, potty
toilet, stool
toilet, throne
tolazamide, Tolinase
tolbutamide, Orinase
tollbooth, tolbooth
tollbooth, tollhouse
tollgate, tollbar
tomahawk, hatchet
tonic, restorative
toolshed, toolhouse
top, cover
top, whirligig
top, teetotum
tormenter, tormentor
tormenter, teaser
torus, tore
toupee, toupe
toweling, towelling
towline, towrope
tracing, trace
track, cartroad
track, rail
track, rails
track, runway
tramcar, tram
tramline, tramway
tramway, tram
tramway, ropeway
trandolapril, Mavik
tranquilizer, tranquillizer
tranquilizer, tranquilliser
tranquilizer, ataractic
transmitter, sender
transom, traverse
transom, fanlight
trave, traverse
trave, crossbeam
trave, crosspiece
trawl, dragnet
trawl, spiller
trawl, setline
trawl, trotline
trawler, dragger
trazodone, Desyrel
treadmill, treadwheel
treadmill, tread-wheel
treenail, trenail
treenail, trunnel
trellis, treillage
trepan, trephine
trey, three
triazolam, Halcion
trichlormethiazide, Naqua
tricolor, tricolour
tricorn, tricorne
tricycle, trike
tricycle, velocipede
trimipramine, Surmontil
trimming, trim
trimming, passementerie
tripper, trip
triskelion, triskele
triviality, trivia
triviality, trifle
trophy, prize
trouser, pant
truck, motortruck
truncheon, nightstick
truncheon, baton
truncheon, billy
truncheon, billystick
tub, vat
tube, tubing
tugboat, tug
tugboat, towboat
tugboat, tower
tumbrel, tumbril
tupik, tupek
turnout, widening
turtleneck, turtle
turtleneck, polo-neck
twenty-two, .22
tyrocidine, tyrocidin
tyrolean, tirolean
uke, ukulele
undercoat, underseal
undergarment, unmentionable
underpass, subway
underwear, underclothes
underwear, underclothing
unicycle, monocycle
upright, vertical
upset, swage
vaccine, vaccinum
valdecoxib, Bextra
valsartan, Diovan
van, caravan
vancomycin, Vancocin
vaporizer, vaporiser
vardenafil, Levitra
vasoconstrictor, vasoconstrictive
vasoconstrictor, pressor
vasodilator, vasodilative
velour, velours
veneer, veneering
venogram, phlebogram
vent, venthole
vent, vent-hole
vent, blowhole
veranda, verandah
veranda, gallery
verapamil, Calan
verapamil, Isoptin
vermifuge, anthelmintic
vermifuge, anthelminthic
vermifuge, helminthic
vessel, watercraft
vest, waistcoat
vestry, sacristy
vibraphone, vibraharp
vibraphone, vibes
videodisk, videodisc
videodisk, DVD
viewgraph, overhead
vinblastine, Velban
vincristine, Oncovin
vineyard, vinery
violin, fiddle
viomycin, Viocin
viscometer, viscosimeter
visor, vizor
voider, gusset
wagon, waggon
wainscot, wainscoting
wainscot, wainscotting
wainscot, dado
wainscoting, wainscotting
wale, strake
walk, walkway
walk, paseo
walker, baby-walker
walker, go-cart
walker, Zimmer
walkie-talkie, walky-talky
wallboard, drywall
wallet, billfold
wallet, notecase
wallet, pocketbook
wampum, peag
wampum, wampumpeag
wardrobe, closet
wardrobe, press
warfarin, Coumadin
warhead, payload
warhead, load
washbasin, handbasin
washbasin, washbowl
washbasin, lavabo
washbasin, basin
washbasin, washbowl
washbasin, washstand
washbasin, lavatory
washboard, splashboard
washcloth, washrag
washcloth, flannel
watch, ticker
watchband, watchstrap
watchband, wristband
watchband, bracelet
watercolor, water-color
watercolor, watercolour
watercolor, water-colour
watercolor, water-color
watercolor, watercolour
watercolor, water-colour
watercourse, waterway
ways, shipway
ways, slipway
wayside, roadside
weapon, arm
weaponry, arms
weaponry, munition
weathervane, vane
web, entanglement
weeder, weed-whacker
whacker, whopper
whiffletree, whippletree
whiffletree, swingletree
whipstitch, whipping
whipstitch, whipstitching
whizbang, whizzbang
whizbang, whizzbang
whorehouse, brothel
whorehouse, bordello
whorehouse, bagnio
whorehouse, bawdyhouse
whorehouse, cathouse
wick, taper
wicker, wickerwork
wicker, caning
wicket, lattice
wicket, grille
wicket, hoop
wickiup, wikiup
willowware, willow-pattern
winch, windlass
windbreak, shelterbelt
winder, key
windmill, aerogenerator
windowpane, window
windshield, windscreen
wing, offstage
wing, backstage
winker, blinker
winker, blinder
wirework, grillwork
woodwind, wood
woof, weft
woof, filling
woof, pick
wool, woolen
wool, woollen
workbasket, workbox
workbasket, workbag
workbench, bench
workboard, work-board
work-clothing, work-clothes
working, workings
workplace, work
works, workings
workshop, shop
wrap, wrapper
wrapping, wrap
wrapping, wrapper
wreath, garland
wreath, coronal
wreath, chaplet
wreath, lei
wrench, spanner
yard, grounds
yard, curtilage
yard, railyard
yarmulke, yarmulka
yarmulke, yarmelke
yashmak, yashmac
yawl, dandy
yield, fruit
yoke, coupling
ziggurat, zikkurat
ziggurat, zikurat
zither, cither
zither, zithern
identity, individuality
character, fiber
character, fibre
inwardness, internality
spirituality, spiritualism
spirituality, spiritism
spirituality, otherworldliness
extraversion, extroversion
aloneness, loneliness
aloneness, lonesomeness
aloneness, solitariness
privacy, privateness
privacy, seclusion
disposition, temperament
animalism, physicality
bloodiness, bloodthirstiness
heart, spirit
restlessness, uneasiness
restlessness, queasiness
jactitation, jactation
skittishness, restiveness
compulsiveness, compulsivity
obsessiveness, obsessivity
emotionality, emotionalism
affectionateness, fondness
affectionateness, lovingness
affectionateness, warmth
mawkishness, sentimentality
mawkishness, drippiness
mawkishness, mushiness
mawkishness, soupiness
mawkishness, sloppiness
schmaltz, shmaltz
schmaltz, schmalz
heat, warmth
heat, passion
excitability, excitableness
excitability, volatility
unemotionality, emotionlessness
coldness, coolness
coldness, frigidity
coldness, frigidness
coldness, iciness
coldness, chilliness
dispassion, dispassionateness
dispassion, dryness
stoicism, stolidity
stoicism, stolidness
tepidness, lukewarmness
cheerfulness, cheer
cheerfulness, sunniness
cheerfulness, sunshine
good-temperedness, good-humoredness
good-temperedness, good-humouredness
good-temperedness, good-naturedness
gloominess, lugubriousness
gloominess, sadness
animation, spiritedness
animation, invigoration
animation, brio
animation, vivification
liveliness, life
liveliness, spirit
liveliness, sprightliness
airiness, delicacy
alacrity, briskness
alacrity, smartness
energy, muscularity
energy, vigor
energy, vigour
energy, vim
vitality, verve
breeziness, jauntiness
irrepressibility, buoyancy
exuberance, enthusiasm
exuberance, ebullience
pep, peppiness
pep, ginger
activeness, activity
dynamism, pizzazz
dynamism, pizzaz
dynamism, oomph
dynamism, zing
inactiveness, inactivity
inactiveness, inertia
languor, lethargy
languor, sluggishness
languor, phlegm
languor, flatness
passivity, passiveness
apathy, indifference
apathy, numbness
apathy, spiritlessness
listlessness, torpidity
listlessness, torpidness
listlessness, torpor
indolence, laziness
faineance, idleness
sloth, slothfulness
permissiveness, tolerance
toleration, acceptance
toleration, sufferance
indulgence, lenience
indulgence, leniency
unpermissiveness, restrictiveness
sternness, strictness
severity, severeness
severity, harshness
severity, rigor
severity, rigour
severity, rigorousness
severity, rigourousness
severity, inclemency
severity, hardness
severity, stiffness
grace, goodwill
patience, forbearance
patience, longanimity
agreeableness, agreeability
complaisance, compliance
complaisance, compliancy
complaisance, obligingness
complaisance, deference
crabbiness, crabbedness
crabbiness, crossness
crankiness, crotchetiness
crankiness, contrariness
crankiness, grumpiness
sulkiness, sullenness
sulkiness, moroseness
sulkiness, sourness
temper, biliousness
temper, irritability
temper, peevishness
temper, pettishness
temper, snappishness
temper, surliness
asperity, sharpness
bitterness, acrimony
bitterness, acerbity
bitterness, jaundice
bitterness, tartness
bitterness, thorniness
aggressiveness, belligerence
aggressiveness, pugnacity
bellicosity, bellicoseness
quarrelsomeness, contentiousness
truculence, truculency
readiness, eagerness
readiness, zeal
readiness, forwardness
receptiveness, receptivity
receptiveness, openness
unwillingness, involuntariness
reluctance, hesitancy
reluctance, hesitation
reluctance, disinclination
reluctance, indisposition
seriousness, earnestness
seriousness, serious-mindedness
seriousness, sincerity
committedness, commitment
graveness, gravity
graveness, sobriety
graveness, soberness
graveness, somberness
graveness, sombreness
sedateness, staidness
sedateness, solemnity
sedateness, solemness
stodginess, stuffiness
frivolity, frivolousness
giddiness, silliness
lightsomeness, lightness
flippancy, light-mindedness
jocoseness, jocosity
jocoseness, merriness
jocoseness, humorousness
playfulness, fun
impertinence, perkiness
impertinence, pertness
impertinence, sauciness
impertinence, archness
friskiness, frolicsomeness
friskiness, sportiveness
impishness, mischievousness
impishness, puckishness
impishness, whimsicality
humor, humour
frankness, outspokenness
effusiveness, expansiveness
effusiveness, expansivity
fluency, volubility
fluency, articulateness
garrulity, garrulousness
garrulity, loquaciousness
garrulity, loquacity
garrulity, talkativeness
muteness, silence
secrecy, secretiveness
secrecy, silence
reserve, reticence
reserve, taciturnity
sociability, sociableness
conviviality, joviality
companionability, companionableness
chumminess, camaraderie
chumminess, comradeliness
chumminess, comradery
chumminess, comradeship
openness, nakedness
affability, affableness
affability, amiability
affability, amiableness
affability, bonhomie
affability, geniality
amicability, amicableness
condescension, condescendingness
familiarity, intimacy
familiarity, closeness
approachability, accessibility
amity, cordiality
neighborliness, neighbourliness
neighborliness, good-neighborliness
neighborliness, good-neighbourliness
unsociability, unsociableness
aloofness, remoteness
aloofness, standoffishness
aloofness, withdrawnness
closeness, secretiveness
furtiveness, sneakiness
furtiveness, stealthiness
virulence, virulency
flexibility, flexibleness
pliability, pliancy
pliability, pliantness
pliability, suppleness
inflexibility, rigidity
inflexibility, rigidness
pensiveness, meditativeness
pensiveness, contemplativeness
deliberation, deliberateness
reflectiveness, reflectivity
unthoughtfulness, thoughtlessness
recklessness, foolhardiness
recklessness, rashness
impetuousness, impetuosity
mindfulness, heedfulness
caution, cautiousness
caution, carefulness
wariness, chariness
alertness, sharp-sightedness
watchfulness, vigilance
carelessness, sloppiness
incaution, incautiousness
unmindfulness, heedlessness
unmindfulness, inadvertence
unmindfulness, inadvertency
negligence, neglect
negligence, neglectfulness
delinquency, dereliction
laxness, laxity
laxness, remissness
laxness, slackness
manfulness, manliness
manfulness, virility
hoydenism, tomboyishness
femininity, muliebrity
womanliness, womanlike
effeminacy, effeminateness
effeminacy, sissiness
effeminacy, softness
effeminacy, womanishness
effeminacy, unmanliness
trustworthiness, trustiness
responsibility, responsibleness
accountability, answerability
accountability, answerableness
dependability, dependableness
dependability, reliability
dependability, reliableness
untrustworthiness, untrustiness
irresponsibility, irresponsibleness
solidity, solidness
undependability, undependableness
undependability, unreliability
undependability, unreliableness
flightiness, arbitrariness
flightiness, whimsicality
flightiness, whimsy
flightiness, whimsey
flightiness, capriciousness
conscientiousness, painstakingness
meticulousness, meticulosity
meticulousness, punctiliousness
meticulousness, scrupulousness
strictness, stringency
nonchalance, unconcern
nonchalance, indifference
recommendation, passport
color, colour
impression, effect
form, shape
form, cast
persona, image
semblance, gloss
semblance, color
semblance, colour
guise, pretense
guise, pretence
guise, pretext
disguise, camouflage
countenance, visage
expression, look
expression, aspect
expression, face
band, banding
band, stria
band, striation
speck, pinpoint
crisscross, cross
crisscross, mark
eyespot, ocellus
hatch, hatching
hatch, crosshatch
hatch, hachure
spot, speckle
spot, dapple
spot, patch
spot, fleck
spot, maculation
stripe, streak
stripe, bar
hairiness, pilosity
hirsuteness, hirsutism
glory, resplendence
glory, resplendency
glamor, glamour
comeliness, fairness
comeliness, loveliness
comeliness, beauteousness
prettiness, cuteness
adorability, adorableness
bewitchery, beguilement
curvaceousness, shapeliness
curvaceousness, voluptuousness
appeal, appealingness
appeal, charm
associability, associableness
attraction, attractiveness
allure, allurement
allure, temptingness
lure, enticement
lure, come-on
show-stopper, showstopper
grotesqueness, grotesquery
grotesqueness, grotesquerie
garishness, gaudiness
disfigurement, disfiguration
disfigurement, deformity
homeliness, plainness
blemish, defect
blemish, mar
birthmark, nevus
check, chip
dent, ding
dent, gouge
dent, nick
scratch, scrape
scratch, scar
scratch, mark
smudge, spot
smudge, blot
smudge, daub
smudge, smear
smudge, smirch
smudge, slur
blotch, splodge
blotch, splotch
fingermark, fingerprint
stain, discoloration
stain, discolouration
wart, verruca
chasteness, restraint
chasteness, simplicity
chasteness, simpleness
austereness, severity
austereness, severeness
bareness, starkness
ornateness, elaborateness
baroque, baroqueness
flamboyance, floridness
flamboyance, floridity
flamboyance, showiness
coating, finish
coating, finishing
luster, lustre
clearness, clarity
clearness, uncloudedness
pellucidness, pellucidity
pellucidness, limpidity
transparency, transparence
transparency, transparentness
translucence, translucency
translucence, semitransparency
distinctness, sharpness
discernability, legibility
opacity, opaqueness
cloudiness, murkiness
cloudiness, muddiness
turbidity, turbidness
haziness, mistiness
haziness, steaminess
haziness, vaporousness
haziness, vapourousness
indistinctness, softness
indistinctness, blurriness
indistinctness, fogginess
indistinctness, fuzziness
dimness, faintness
sharpness, keenness
dullness, bluntness
obviousness, noticeability
obviousness, noticeableness
obviousness, patency
apparentness, apparency
boldness, strikingness
predomination, predominance
ease, easiness
ease, simplicity
ease, simpleness
facility, readiness
difficulty, difficultness
arduousness, strenuousness
laboriousness, operoseness
laboriousness, toilsomeness
asperity, grimness
asperity, hardship
asperity, rigor
asperity, rigour
asperity, severity
asperity, severeness
asperity, rigorousness
asperity, rigourousness
hardness, ruggedness
formidability, toughness
burdensomeness, heaviness
burdensomeness, onerousness
burdensomeness, oppressiveness
subtlety, niceness
troublesomeness, inconvenience
troublesomeness, worriment
awkwardness, cumbersomeness
awkwardness, unwieldiness
combustibility, combustibleness
combustibility, burnability
flammability, inflammability
congenialness, congeniality
harmony, harmoniousness
agreement, correspondence
conformity, conformance
justness, rightness
justness, nicety
congruity, congruousness
congruity, congruence
incongruity, incongruousness
suitability, suitableness
felicity, felicitousness
aptness, appositeness
fitness, fittingness
qualification, making
opportuneness, patness
opportuneness, timeliness
handiness, accessibility
handiness, availability
handiness, availableness
painfulness, distressingness
piquancy, piquance
piquancy, piquantness
unsuitability, unsuitableness
unsuitability, ineptness
inaptness, inappositeness
inappropriateness, unworthiness
habitability, habitableness
inaccessibility, unavailability
inopportuneness, untimeliness
humanness, humanity
humanness, manhood
air, aura
air, atmosphere
vibration, vibe
quality, caliber
quality, calibre
fineness, choiceness
admirability, admirableness
admirability, wonderfulness
impressiveness, grandness
impressiveness, magnificence
impressiveness, richness
expansiveness, expansivity
stateliness, majesty
stateliness, loftiness
ingenuity, ingeniousness
ingenuity, cleverness
scrawniness, scrubbiness
point, spot
salability, salableness
hallmark, trademark
hallmark, earmark
hallmark, stylemark
mold, mould
bubbliness, effervescence
bubbliness, frothiness
changeableness, changeability
commutability, transmutability
fluidity, fluidness
inconstancy, changefulness
capriciousness, unpredictability
variability, variableness
variability, variance
exchangeability, interchangeability
exchangeability, interchangeableness
exchangeability, fungibility
replaceability, substitutability
replaceability, commutability
permutability, permutableness
permutability, transposability
progressiveness, progressivity
changelessness, unchangeability
changelessness, unchangeableness
changelessness, unchangingness
constancy, stability
invariability, invariableness
invariability, invariance
monotony, humdrum
monotony, sameness
fixedness, unalterability
mutability, mutableness
immutability, immutableness
immutability, fixity
otherness, distinctness
otherness, separateness
identity, identicalness
identity, indistinguishability
oneness, unity
homomorphism, homomorphy
isomorphism, isomorphy
likeness, alikeness
likeness, similitude
parallelism, correspondence
uniformity, uniformness
homogeneity, homogeneousness
consistency, consistence
analogue, analog
analogue, parallel
comparison, compare
comparison, equivalence
comparison, comparability
discrepancy, disagreement
discrepancy, divergence
discrepancy, variance
allowance, leeway
allowance, margin
allowance, tolerance
dissimilarity, unsimilarity
disparateness, distinctiveness
unlikeness, dissimilitude
heterogeneity, heterogeneousness
diverseness, diversity
diverseness, multifariousness
diverseness, variety
variety, change
gap, spread
gulf, disconnect
gulf, disconnection
ineluctability, unavoidability
inevitability, inevitableness
determinateness, definiteness
finality, conclusiveness
finality, decisiveness
indisputability, indubitability
indisputability, unquestionability
indisputability, unquestionableness
incontrovertibility, incontrovertibleness
incontrovertibility, positivity
incontrovertibility, positiveness
demonstrability, provability
likelihood, likeliness
uncertainty, uncertainness
uncertainty, precariousness
doubt, dubiousness
doubt, doubtfulness
doubt, question
indefiniteness, indeterminateness
indefiniteness, indefinity
indefiniteness, indetermination
indefiniteness, indeterminacy
improbability, improbableness
unlikelihood, unlikeliness
factuality, factualness
tangibility, tangibleness
tangibility, palpability
intangibility, intangibleness
intangibility, impalpability
materiality, physicalness
materiality, corporeality
materiality, corporality
substantiality, substantialness
substantiality, solidness
immateriality, incorporeality
particularity, specialness
individuality, individualism
individuality, individuation
singularity, uniqueness
peculiarity, specialness
peculiarity, specialty
peculiarity, speciality
peculiarity, distinctiveness
idiosyncrasy, foible
idiosyncrasy, mannerism
commonality, commonness
universality, catholicity
simplicity, simpleness
complexity, complexness
complicatedness, complication
complicatedness, knottiness
complicatedness, tortuousness
elaborateness, elaboration
elaborateness, intricacy
elaborateness, involution
cyclicity, periodicity
orderliness, methodicalness
organization, organisation
organization, system
evenness, invariability
irregularity, unregularity
fitfulness, jerkiness
intermittence, intermittency
fluctuation, wavering
randomness, haphazardness
randomness, stochasticity
randomness, noise
unevenness, variability
locomotion, motivity
movability, movableness
maneuverability, manoeuvrability
looseness, play
slack, slackness
unsteadiness, ricketiness
instability, unstableness
immovability, immovableness
tightness, tautness
fastness, fixedness
fastness, fixity
fastness, fixture
fastness, secureness
lodgment, lodgement
lodgment, lodging
steadiness, firmness
stability, stableness
pleasantness, sweetness
agreeableness, amenity
acridity, acridness
unpalatability, unpalatableness
disgustingness, unsavoriness
offensiveness, odiousness
offensiveness, distastefulness
loathsomeness, repulsiveness
loathsomeness, sliminess
loathsomeness, vileness
loathsomeness, lousiness
loathsomeness, wickedness
hatefulness, obnoxiousness
hatefulness, objectionableness
awfulness, dreadfulness
awfulness, horridness
awfulness, terribleness
ghastliness, grimness
ghastliness, gruesomeness
ghastliness, luridness
credibility, credibleness
credibility, believability
authenticity, genuineness
authenticity, legitimacy
cogency, validity
cogency, rigor
cogency, rigour
plausibility, plausibleness
reasonableness, tenability
reasonableness, tenableness
incredibility, incredibleness
implausibility, implausibleness
logicality, logicalness
rationality, rationalness
illogicality, illogicalness
illogicality, illogic
illogicality, inconsequence
simplicity, simmpleness
sincerity, unassumingness
spontaneity, spontaneousness
ease, informality
naturalization, naturalisation
airs, pose
coyness, demureness
preciosity, preciousness
staginess, theatricality
pretension, pretense
pretension, pretence
pretentiousness, pretension
pretentiousness, largeness
supernaturalism, supernaturalness
virtu, vertu
nutritiousness, nutritiveness
salubrity, salubriousness
unwholesomeness, morbidness
unwholesomeness, morbidity
harmfulness, noisomeness
harmfulness, noxiousness
perniciousness, toxicity
deadliness, lethality
jejunity, jejuneness
putrescence, rottenness
insalubrity, insalubriousness
adequacy, adequateness
acceptability, acceptableness
inadequacy, inadequateness
perishability, perishableness
unacceptability, unacceptableness
palatability, palatableness
ordinariness, mundaneness
ordinariness, mundanity
averageness, mediocrity
normality, normalcy
commonness, commonplaceness
commonness, everydayness
prosiness, prosaicness
unexpectedness, surprisingness
unfamiliarity, strangeness
oddity, queerness
oddity, quirk
oddity, quirkiness
oddity, crotchet
eeriness, ghostliness
abnormality, freakishness
outlandishness, bizarreness
outlandishness, weirdness
oddity, oddness
foreignness, strangeness
foreignness, curiousness
exoticism, exoticness
exoticism, exotism
alienage, alienism
indigenousness, autochthony
indigenousness, endemism
freshness, novelty
unorthodoxy, heterodoxy
conventionality, convention
conventionality, conventionalism
ossification, conformity
traditionalism, traditionality
scholasticism, academicism
scholasticism, academism
correctness, rightness
incorrectness, wrongness
erroneousness, error
accuracy, truth
exactness, exactitude
preciseness, precision
inexactness, inexactitude
impreciseness, imprecision
reproducibility, duplicability
deservingness, merit
deservingness, meritoriousness
praiseworthiness, laudability
praiseworthiness, laudableness
baseness, sordidness
baseness, contemptibility
baseness, despicableness
baseness, despicability
shamefulness, disgracefulness
shamefulness, ignominiousness
validity, validness
effect, force
invalidity, invalidness
lawlessness, outlawry
refinement, civilization
refinement, civilisation
dash, elan
dash, flair
dash, panache
dash, style
daintiness, delicacy
daintiness, fineness
breeding, genteelness
breeding, gentility
chic, chicness
chic, chichi
chic, modishness
chic, smartness
chic, stylishness
chic, swank
jauntiness, nattiness
jauntiness, dapperness
jauntiness, rakishness
magnificence, brilliance
magnificence, splendor
magnificence, splendour
magnificence, grandeur
magnificence, grandness
pomp, eclat
awkwardness, clumsiness
awkwardness, gracelessness
awkwardness, stiffness
rusticity, gaucherie
dowdiness, drabness
dowdiness, homeliness
shabbiness, seediness
shabbiness, manginess
shabbiness, sleaziness
coarseness, commonness
coarseness, grossness
coarseness, vulgarity
coarseness, vulgarism
coarseness, raunch
crudeness, roughness
boorishness, uncouthness
ostentation, ostentatiousness
ostentation, pomposity
ostentation, pompousness
ostentation, pretentiousness
ostentation, puffiness
ostentation, splashiness
ostentation, inflation
cheapness, tackiness
cheapness, tat
cheapness, sleaze
flashiness, garishness
flashiness, gaudiness
flashiness, loudness
flashiness, brashness
flashiness, meretriciousness
flashiness, tawdriness
flashiness, glitz
comprehensibility, understandability
legibility, readability
clarity, lucidity
clarity, lucidness
clarity, pellucidity
clarity, clearness
clarity, limpidity
coherence, coherency
preciseness, clearcutness
perspicuity, perspicuousness
perspicuity, plainness
unambiguity, unequivocalness
impenetrability, impenetrableness
opacity, opaqueness
obscureness, obscurity
obscureness, abstruseness
obscureness, reconditeness
ambiguity, equivocalness
equivocation, prevarication
equivocation, evasiveness
uprightness, rectitude
piety, piousness
devoutness, religiousness
religiosity, religionism
religiosity, religiousism
religiosity, pietism
sin, sinfulness
sin, wickedness
impiety, impiousness
irreligiousness, irreligion
ungodliness, godlessness
mercifulness, mercy
compassion, pity
forgivingness, kindness
lenience, leniency
lenience, mildness
lenience, lenity
inhumaneness, inhumanity
atrocity, atrociousness
atrocity, barbarity
atrocity, barbarousness
atrocity, heinousness
ferociousness, brutality
ferociousness, viciousness
ferociousness, savagery
mercilessness, unmercifulness
pitilessness, ruthlessness
relentlessness, inexorability
relentlessness, inexorableness
generosity, generousness
bounty, bounteousness
liberality, liberalness
munificence, largess
munificence, largesse
munificence, magnanimity
munificence, openhandedness
altruism, selflessness
meanness, minginess
meanness, niggardliness
meanness, niggardness
meanness, parsimony
meanness, parsimoniousness
meanness, tightness
meanness, tightfistedness
meanness, closeness
pettiness, littleness
pettiness, smallness
greediness, voraciousness
greediness, rapaciousness
egoism, egocentrism
egoism, self-interest
egoism, self-concern
egoism, self-centeredness
self-love, narcism
self-love, narcissism
opportunism, self-interest
opportunism, self-seeking
opportunism, expedience
enterprise, enterprisingness
enterprise, initiative
enterprise, go-ahead
ambition, ambitiousness
energy, push
energy, get-up-and-go
competitiveness, fight
combativeness, militance
combativeness, militancy
intrusiveness, meddlesomeness
intrusiveness, officiousness
boldness, nerve
boldness, brass
boldness, face
boldness, cheek
audacity, audaciousness
presumption, presumptuousness
presumption, effrontery
presumption, assumption
uppityness, uppishness
fairness, equity
unfairness, inequity
benignity, benignancy
benignity, graciousness
consideration, considerateness
consideration, thoughtfulness
kindliness, helpfulness
tact, tactfulness
delicacy, diplomacy
delicacy, discreetness
delicacy, finesse
savoir-faire, address
malevolence, malevolency
malevolence, malice
cattiness, bitchiness
cattiness, spite
cattiness, spitefulness
cattiness, nastiness
malignity, malignancy
malignity, malignance
sensitivity, sensitiveness
antenna, feeler
insensitivity, insensitiveness
crassness, crassitude
unfeelingness, callousness
unfeelingness, callosity
unfeelingness, hardness
unfeelingness, insensibility
cruelty, cruelness
cruelty, harshness
beastliness, meanness
inconsideration, inconsiderateness
inconsideration, thoughtlessness
maleficence, mischief
maleficence, balefulness
virtue, virtuousness
good, goodness
virtue, chastity
honor, honour
honor, purity
honor, pureness
justice, justness
right, rightfulness
corruption, degeneracy
corruption, depravation
corruption, depravity
corruption, putrefaction
licentiousness, wantonness
anomie, anomy
evil, evilness
nefariousness, wickedness
nefariousness, vileness
nefariousness, ugliness
villainy, villainousness
perversity, perverseness
error, wrongdoing
frailty, vice
corruptness, corruption
injustice, unjustness
wrong, wrongfulness
holiness, sanctity
holiness, sanctitude
profaneness, unsanctification
curability, curableness
incurability, incurableness
courage, courageousness
courage, bravery
courage, braveness
heart, mettle
heart, nerve
heart, spunk
heroism, gallantry
heroism, valor
heroism, valour
heroism, valorousness
heroism, valiance
heroism, valiancy
dauntlessness, intrepidity
coolness, nervelessness
boldness, daring
boldness, hardiness
boldness, hardihood
adventurousness, venturesomeness
daredevilry, daredeviltry
audacity, audaciousness
audacity, temerity
shamelessness, brazenness
gutsiness, pluck
gutsiness, pluckiness
cowardice, cowardliness
faintheartedness, faintness
timidity, timorousness
pusillanimity, pusillanimousness
resoluteness, firmness
resoluteness, resolve
resoluteness, resolution
self-control, self-possession
self-control, possession
self-control, willpower
self-control, self-command
self-control, self-will
stubbornness, bullheadedness
stubbornness, obstinacy
stubbornness, obstinance
stubbornness, pigheadedness
stubbornness, self-will
impenitence, impenitency
intransigency, intransigence
adamance, obduracy
adamance, unyieldingness
decisiveness, decision
determination, purpose
doggedness, perseverance
doggedness, persistence
doggedness, persistency
doggedness, tenacity
doggedness, tenaciousness
doggedness, pertinacity
indefatigability, indefatigableness
indefatigability, tirelessness
diligence, industriousness
diligence, industry
assiduity, assiduousness
assiduity, concentration
intentness, engrossment
sedulity, sedulousness
irresoluteness, irresolution
volatility, unpredictability
indecisiveness, indecision
heartiness, wholeheartedness
singleness, straightforwardness
insincerity, falseness
insincerity, hollowness
sanctimoniousness, sanctimony
fulsomeness, oiliness
fulsomeness, oleaginousness
fulsomeness, smarminess
fulsomeness, unctuousness
fulsomeness, unction
honorableness, honourableness
honor, honour
venerability, venerableness
incorruptness, incorruption
nobility, nobleness
nobility, magnanimousness
nobility, grandeur
high-mindedness, idealism
high-mindedness, noble-mindedness
respectability, reputability
honesty, honestness
candor, candour
candor, candidness
candor, frankness
candor, directness
candor, forthrightness
motherliness, maternalism
motherliness, maternity
dishonorableness, dishonourableness
ignobleness, ignobility
dishonor, dishonour
unrespectability, disreputability
unrespectability, disreputableness
deceptiveness, obliquity
speciousness, meretriciousness
fraudulence, deceit
crookedness, deviousness
rascality, shiftiness
rascality, slipperiness
rascality, trickiness
thievishness, larcenous
craftiness, deceitfulness
craftiness, guile
fidelity, faithfulness
loyalty, trueness
steadfastness, staunchness
allegiance, fealty
patriotism, nationalism
chauvinism, jingoism
chauvinism, superpatriotism
chauvinism, ultranationalism
infidelity, unfaithfulness
faithlessness, falseness
faithlessness, fickleness
faithlessness, inconstancy
treason, subversiveness
treason, traitorousness
perfidy, perfidiousness
perfidy, treachery
sophistication, worldliness
sophistication, mundaneness
sophistication, mundanity
naivete, naivety
naivete, naiveness
artlessness, innocence
artlessness, ingenuousness
artlessness, naturalness
credulousness, gullibility
simplicity, simpleness
self-discipline, self-denial
austerity, asceticism
austerity, nonindulgence
abstinence, abstention
continence, continency
restraint, control
self-restraint, temperateness
temperance, moderation
sobriety, dryness
taboo, tabu
indiscipline, undiscipline
indulgence, self-indulgence
dissoluteness, incontinence
dissoluteness, self-gratification
abandon, wantonness
abandon, unconstraint
madness, rabidity
madness, rabidness
greediness, hoggishness
greediness, piggishness
edacity, esurience
edacity, rapaciousness
edacity, rapacity
edacity, voracity
edacity, voraciousness
dignity, self-respect
dignity, self-regard
dignity, self-worth
conceit, conceitedness
conceit, vanity
boastfulness, vainglory
egotism, self-importance
arrogance, haughtiness
arrogance, hauteur
arrogance, high-handedness
arrogance, lordliness
condescension, superciliousness
condescension, disdainfulness
imperiousness, domineeringness
imperiousness, overbearingness
snobbery, snobbism
snobbery, snobbishness
clannishness, cliquishness
clannishness, exclusiveness
humility, humbleness
meekness, subduedness
wisdom, wiseness
judiciousness, sagacity
judiciousness, sagaciousness
knowledgeability, knowledgeableness
knowledgeability, initiation
statesmanship, statecraft
statesmanship, diplomacy
discretion, discernment
circumspection, caution
folly, foolishness
folly, unwiseness
indiscretion, injudiciousness
absurdity, fatuity
absurdity, fatuousness
absurdity, silliness
judgment, judgement
judgment, perspicacity
objectivity, objectiveness
subjectivity, subjectiveness
foresight, foresightedness
foresight, foresightfulness
frugality, frugalness
parsimony, parsimoniousness
parsimony, thrift
parsimony, penny-pinching
economy, thriftiness
heedlessness, mindlessness
heedlessness, rashness
improvidence, shortsightedness
extravagance, prodigality
extravagance, profligacy
thriftlessness, waste
thriftlessness, wastefulness
trust, trustingness
trust, trustfulness
distrust, distrustfulness
distrust, mistrust
suspicion, suspiciousness
tidiness, neatness
slatternliness, sluttishness
untidiness, messiness
disarray, disorderliness
demeanor, demeanour
demeanor, behavior
demeanor, behaviour
demeanor, conduct
demeanor, deportment
propriety, properness
propriety, correctitude
decorum, decorousness
appropriateness, rightness
faultlessness, impeccability
priggishness, primness
modesty, reserve
seemliness, grace
modesty, modestness
primness, prudishness
primness, prudery
primness, Grundyism
impropriety, improperness
inappropriateness, wrongness
gaminess, raciness
gaminess, ribaldry
gaminess, spiciness
indecorum, indecorousness
outrageousness, enormity
obscenity, lewdness
obscenity, bawdiness
obscenity, salaciousness
obscenity, salacity
smuttiness, dirtiness
composure, calm
composure, calmness
composure, equanimity
aplomb, assuredness
aplomb, cool
aplomb, poise
aplomb, sang-froid
repose, quiet
repose, placidity
repose, serenity
repose, tranquillity
repose, tranquility
disquiet, unease
disquiet, uneasiness
perturbation, fluster
tractability, tractableness
tractability, flexibility
manageability, manageableness
tameness, domestication
amenability, amenableness
amenability, cooperativeness
obsequiousness, servility
obsequiousness, subservience
passivity, passiveness
intractability, intractableness
refractoriness, unmanageableness
refractoriness, recalcitrance
refractoriness, recalcitrancy
defiance, rebelliousness
unruliness, fractiousness
unruliness, willfulness
unruliness, wilfulness
stubbornness, obstinacy
stubbornness, obstinance
stubbornness, mulishness
contrariness, perversity
contrariness, perverseness
cussedness, orneriness
naughtiness, mischievousness
naughtiness, badness
prankishness, rascality
prankishness, roguishness
bearing, comportment
bearing, presence
bearing, mien
dignity, lordliness
dignity, gravitas
foppishness, dandyism
gentleness, softness
gentleness, mildness
formality, formalness
casualness, familiarity
politeness, niceness
suavity, suaveness
suavity, blandness
suavity, smoothness
chivalry, gallantry
chivalry, politesse
deference, respect
deference, respectfulness
discourtesy, rudeness
crudeness, crudity
crudeness, gaucheness
abruptness, brusqueness
abruptness, curtness
abruptness, gruffness
abruptness, shortness
contempt, disrespect
crust, gall
crust, impertinence
crust, impudence
crust, insolence
crust, cheekiness
crust, freshness
chutzpa, chutzpah
chutzpa, hutzpah
isotropy, symmetry
directness, straightness
downrightness, straightforwardness
immediacy, immediateness
mediacy, mediateness
deviousness, obliqueness
rurality, ruralism
inheritance, heritage
education, training
education, breeding
raising, rearing
raising, nurture
ancestry, lineage
ancestry, derivation
ancestry, filiation
origin, descent
origin, extraction
pedigree, bloodline
obsoleteness, superannuation
ancientness, antiquity
recency, recentness
agedness, senescence
longevity, seniority
mustiness, must
mustiness, moldiness
youth, youthfulness
youth, juvenility
childishness, puerility
manner, mode
manner, style
manner, way
manner, fashion
touch, signature
cytoarchitecture, cytoarchitectonics
framework, fabric
constitution, composition
constitution, makeup
constitution, make-up
texture, grain
consistency, consistence
consistency, eubstance
consistency, body
viscosity, viscousness
adhesiveness, adhesion
adhesiveness, adherence
adhesiveness, bond
cohesiveness, glueyness
cohesiveness, gluiness
cohesiveness, gumminess
cohesiveness, tackiness
cohesiveness, ropiness
cohesiveness, viscidity
cohesiveness, viscidness
gelatinousness, glutinosity
gelatinousness, glutinousness
creaminess, soupiness
fluidity, fluidness
fluidity, liquidity
fluidity, liquidness
fluidity, runniness
compressibility, squeezability
compressibility, sponginess
downiness, featheriness
downiness, fluffiness
flabbiness, limpness
flabbiness, flaccidity
mushiness, pulpiness
brittleness, crispness
brittleness, crispiness
crumbliness, friability
porosity, porousness
permeability, permeableness
penetrability, perviousness
solidity, solidness
density, denseness
impermeability, impermeableness
retentiveness, retentivity
retentiveness, retention
impenetrability, imperviousness
aptness, propensity
tendency, inclination
electronegativity, negativity
hunger, hungriness
hunger, thirst
hunger, thirstiness
avarice, avariciousness
avarice, covetousness
avarice, cupidity
retentiveness, retentivity
silkiness, sleekness
slickness, slick
slickness, slipperiness
slickness, slip
fineness, powderiness
roughness, raggedness
coarseness, nubbiness
coarseness, tweediness
slub, knot
slub, burl
harshness, abrasiveness
harshness, scratchiness
coarseness, graininess
coarseness, granularity
prickliness, bristliness
prickliness, spininess
prickliness, thorniness
graining, woodgraining
marbleization, marbleisation
marbleization, marbleizing
marbleization, marbleising
light, lightness
aura, aureole
aura, halo
aura, nimbus
aura, glory
aura, gloriole
highlight, highlighting
glare, blaze
glare, brilliance
glitter, glister
glitter, glisten
glitter, scintillation
glitter, sparkle
sparkle, twinkle
sparkle, spark
sparkle, light
opalescence, iridescence
radiance, radiancy
radiance, shine
radiance, effulgence
radiance, refulgence
radiance, refulgency
gleam, gleaming
gleam, glow
gleam, lambency
shininess, sheen
shininess, luster
shininess, lustre
luster, lustre
luster, brilliancy
luster, splendor
luster, splendour
polish, gloss
polish, glossiness
polish, burnish
dimness, subduedness
flatness, lusterlessness
flatness, lustrelessness
flatness, mat
flatness, matt
flatness, matte
color, colour
color, coloring
color, colouring
colorlessness, colourlessness
colorlessness, achromatism
colorlessness, achromaticity
shade, tint
shade, tincture
shade, tone
undertone, tinge
black, blackness
black, inkiness
white, whiteness
bone, ivory
bone, pearl
bone, off-white
frostiness, hoariness
gray, grayness
gray, grey
gray, greyness
dapple-grey, dapple-gray
dapple-grey, dappled-grey
dapple-grey, dappled-gray
iron-grey, iron-gray
red, redness
cardinal, carmine
crimson, ruby
wine, wine-colored
wine, wine-coloured
cerise, cherry
scarlet, vermilion
orange, orangeness
yellow, yellowness
blond, blonde
amber, gold
gamboge, lemon
gamboge, maize
ocher, ochre
green, greenness
green, viridity
blue, blueness
azure, cerulean
azure, sapphire
azure, lazuline
azure, sky-blue
purple, purpleness
rose, rosiness
brown, brownness
chocolate, coffee
chocolate, umber
tan, topaz
dun, fawn
beige, ecru
snuff-color, snuff-colour
hue, chromaticity
saturation, chroma
saturation, intensity
saturation, vividness
paleness, pallidity
coloration, colouration
paleness, blondness
paleness, fairness
ruddiness, rosiness
lividness, lividity
lividness, luridness
lividness, paleness
lividness, pallidness
lividness, pallor
lividness, wanness
lividness, achromasia
darkness, duskiness
darkness, swarthiness
bouquet, fragrance
bouquet, fragrancy
bouquet, redolence
bouquet, sweetness
malodorousness, stinkiness
malodorousness, foulness
malodorousness, rankness
malodorousness, fetidness
noisiness, racketiness
silence, quiet
hush, stillness
hush, still
quietness, soundlessness
musicality, musicalness
lyricality, lyricism
lyricality, songfulness
melodiousness, tunefulness
consonance, harmoniousness
discordance, discord
disharmony, inharmoniousness
soprano, treble
timbre, timber
timbre, quality
timbre, tone
color, colour
color, coloration
color, colouration
harshness, roughness
gruffness, hoarseness
gruffness, huskiness
fullness, mellowness
fullness, richness
plangency, resonance
plangency, reverberance
plangency, ringing
plangency, sonorousness
plangency, sonority
plangency, vibrancy
shrillness, stridence
shrillness, stridency
volume, loudness
volume, intensity
forte, fortissimo
decrescendo, diminuendo
piano, pianissimo
meter, metre
meter, time
cadence, cadency
lilt, swing
spiciness, spice
spiciness, spicery
pungency, bite
pungency, sharpness
pungency, raciness
nip, piquance
nip, piquancy
nip, piquantness
nip, tang
nip, tanginess
nip, zest
hotness, pepperiness
brininess, salinity
sourness, sour
sourness, acidity
acerbity, tartness
vinegariness, vinegarishness
sweetness, sweet
bitterness, bitter
acridity, acridness
palatability, palatableness
pleasingness, tastiness
appetizingness, appetisingness
delectability, deliciousness
delectability, lusciousness
delectability, toothsomeness
flavorsomeness, flavoursomeness
flavorsomeness, savoriness
sapidity, sapidness
succulence, succulency
succulence, juiciness
unpalatability, unpalatableness
disgustingness, distastefulness
disgustingness, nauseatingness
disgustingness, sickeningness
disgustingness, unsavoriness
unappetizingness, unappetisingness
flavorlessness, flavourlessness
flavorlessness, savorlessness
flavorlessness, savourlessness
flavorlessness, tastelessness
blandness, insipidity
blandness, insipidness
edibility, edibleness
digestibility, digestibleness
indigestibility, indigestibleness
laterality, dominance
physique, build
physique, body-build
physique, habitus
dumpiness, squattiness
fatness, fat
fatness, blubber
fatness, avoirdupois
adiposity, adiposeness
adiposity, fattiness
abdominousness, paunchiness
greasiness, oiliness
greasiness, oleaginousness
fleshiness, obesity
fleshiness, corpulency
corpulence, overweight
corpulence, stoutness
corpulence, adiposis
plumpness, embonpoint
plumpness, roundness
chubbiness, pudginess
chubbiness, tubbiness
chubbiness, rolypoliness
leanness, thinness
leanness, spareness
skinniness, scrawniness
bonyness, boniness
bonyness, emaciation
bonyness, gauntness
bonyness, maceration
slenderness, slightness
slenderness, slimness
stature, height
carriage, bearing
carriage, posture
grace, gracility
agility, legerity
agility, lightness
agility, lightsomeness
agility, nimbleness
lissomeness, litheness
lissomeness, suppleness
awkwardness, clumsiness
gracelessness, ungracefulness
gawkiness, ungainliness
animateness, aliveness
animateness, liveness
animation, vitality
inanimateness, lifelessness
sex, gender
sex, sexuality
asexuality, sexlessness
maleness, masculinity
androgyny, hermaphroditism
androgyny, bisexuality
femaleness, feminineness
dissolubility, solubleness
reflection, reflexion
reflection, reflectivity
echo, reverberation
echo, replication
deflection, deflexion
deflection, bending
refractivity, refractiveness
randomness, entropy
randomness, S
coldness, cold
coldness, frigidity
coldness, frigidness
chill, iciness
chill, gelidity
chilliness, coolness
chilliness, nip
hotness, heat
calefaction, incalescence
warmth, warmness
lukewarmness, tepidity
lukewarmness, tepidness
visibility, visibleness
invisibility, invisibleness
luminosity, brightness
luminosity, luminance
luminosity, luminousness
luminosity, light
illuminance, illumination
luminescence, glow
audibility, audibleness
inaudibility, inaudibleness
sensitivity, sensitiveness
magnetization, magnetisation
elasticity, snap
resilience, resiliency
bounce, bounciness
give, spring
give, springiness
stretch, stretchiness
stretch, stretchability
temper, toughness
malleability, plasticity
ductility, ductileness
fibrosity, fibrousness
flexibility, flexibleness
bendability, pliability
pliancy, pliantness
pliancy, suppleness
rigidity, rigidness
inflexibility, inflexibleness
equivalent, eq
milliequivalent, meq
heaviness, weightiness
heft, heftiness
heft, massiveness
heft, ponderousness
heft, ponderosity
lightness, weightlessness
airiness, buoyancy
brawn, brawniness
brawn, muscle
brawn, muscularity
brawn, sinew
brawn, heftiness
might, mightiness
might, power
vigor, vigour
vigor, dynamism
vigor, heartiness
robustness, hardiness
robustness, lustiness
robustness, validity
huskiness, ruggedness
huskiness, toughness
smallness, littleness
stoutness, stalwartness
firmness, soundness
indomitability, invincibility
backbone, grit
backbone, guts
backbone, moxie
backbone, sand
backbone, gumption
stamina, toughness
long-sufferance, long-suffering
potency, effectiveness
potency, strength
valence, valency
covalence, covalency
valence, valency
force, forcefulness
force, strength
momentum, impulse
energy, vigor
energy, vigour
energy, zip
athleticism, strenuosity
intensity, intensiveness
badness, severity
badness, severeness
foulness, raininess
seriousness, distressfulness
vehemence, emphasis
ferocity, fierceness
ferocity, furiousness
ferocity, fury
ferocity, vehemence
ferocity, violence
ferocity, wildness
savageness, savagery
titer, titre
molarity, M
feebleness, tenuity
flimsiness, shoddiness
fragility, delicacy
inanition, lassitude
inanition, lethargy
inanition, slackness
defenselessness, defencelessness
defenselessness, unprotectedness
fragility, breakability
fragility, frangibleness
fragility, frangibility
solarization, solarisation
sequence, succession
sequence, successiveness
rain, pelting
approach, approaching
approach, coming
priority, antecedence
priority, antecedency
priority, anteriority
priority, precedence
priority, precedency
posteriority, subsequentness
posteriority, subsequence
punctuality, promptness
simultaneity, simultaneousness
concurrence, coincidence
concurrence, conjunction
concurrence, co-occurrence
contemporaneity, contemporaneousness
seasonableness, timeliness
unseasonableness, untimeliness
recency, recentness
presentness, nowness
currentness, currency
currentness, up-to-dateness
modernity, modernness
modernity, modernism
modernity, contemporaneity
modernity, contemporaneousness
duration, length
lengthiness, prolongation
lengthiness, continuation
lengthiness, protraction
continuousness, ceaselessness
continuousness, incessancy
continuousness, incessantness
brevity, briefness
brevity, transience
permanence, permanency
perpetuity, sempiternity
lastingness, durability
lastingness, enduringness
lastingness, strength
continuity, persistence
imperishability, imperishableness
imperishability, imperishingness
impermanence, impermanency
transience, transiency
transience, transitoriness
fugacity, fugaciousness
ephemerality, ephemeralness
ephemerality, fleetingness
speed, swiftness
speed, fastness
pace, rate
celerity, quickness
celerity, rapidity
celerity, rapidness
celerity, speediness
immediacy, immediateness
immediacy, instantaneousness
immediacy, instancy
dispatch, despatch
dispatch, expedition
dispatch, expeditiousness
promptness, promptitude
haste, hastiness
haste, hurry
haste, hurriedness
haste, precipitation
abruptness, precipitateness
abruptness, precipitousness
abruptness, precipitance
abruptness, precipitancy
abruptness, suddenness
pickup, getaway
deceleration, slowing
deceleration, retardation
graduality, gradualness
slowness, deliberation
slowness, deliberateness
slowness, unhurriedness
dilatoriness, procrastination
one-dimensionality, linearity
two-dimensionality, flatness
two-dimensionality, planeness
three-dimensionality, third-dimensionality
shape, form
shape, configuration
shape, contour
shape, conformation
symmetry, symmetricalness
symmetry, correspondence
symmetry, balance
bilaterality, bilateralism
asymmetry, dissymmetry
asymmetry, imbalance
lopsidedness, skewness
directivity, directionality
directivity, directiveness
handedness, laterality
ambidexterity, ambidextrousness
left-handedness, sinistrality
right-handedness, dextrality
tilt, list
tilt, inclination
tilt, lean
tilt, leaning
gradient, slope
upgrade, rise
pitch, rake
pitch, slant
abruptness, precipitousness
abruptness, steepness
gradualness, gentleness
concavity, concaveness
convexity, convexness
roundedness, bulginess
oblateness, ellipticity
point, pointedness
rectangularity, oblongness
curvature, curve
sphericity, sphericalness
sphericity, globosity
sphericity, globularness
sphericity, rotundity
sphericity, rotundness
cylindricality, cylindricalness
curliness, waviness
placement, arrangement
composition, composing
proportion, proportionality
proportion, balance
outwardness, externality
malposition, misplacement
verticality, verticalness
verticality, erectness
verticality, uprightness
position, posture
position, attitude
sprawl, sprawling
erectness, uprightness
farness, remoteness
farness, farawayness
nearness, closeness
proximity, propinquity
adjacency, contiguity
adjacency, contiguousness
distribution, dispersion
dissemination, diffusion
scatter, spread
concentration, density
concentration, denseness
concentration, tightness
concentration, compactness
rarity, tenuity
interval, separation
proportion, dimension
information, entropy
probability, chance
degree, grade
degree, level
profundity, profoundness
superficiality, shallowness
glibness, slickness
octavo, eightvo
octavo, 8vo
quarto, 4to
bulk, mass
bulk, volume
intensity, strength
circumference, perimeter
diameter, diam
radius, r
bore, gauge
bore, caliber
bore, calibre
thinness, tenuity
thinness, slenderness
largeness, bigness
bulkiness, massiveness
enormousness, grandness
enormousness, greatness
enormousness, immenseness
enormousness, immensity
enormousness, sizeableness
enormousness, vastness
enormousness, wideness
capaciousness, roominess
capaciousness, spaciousness
capaciousness, commodiousness
fullness, voluminosity
fullness, voluminousness
gigantism, giantism
largeness, extensiveness
smallness, littleness
diminutiveness, minuteness
diminutiveness, petiteness
diminutiveness, tininess
diminutiveness, weeness
delicacy, slightness
puniness, runtiness
puniness, stuntedness
positivity, positiveness
negativity, negativeness
increase, increment
amplification, gain
complement, accompaniment
decrease, decrement
raise, rise
raise, hike
rise, boost
rise, hike
supplement, supplementation
drop, dip
drop, fall
stuffiness, closeness
sufficiency, adequacy
insufficiency, inadequacy
insufficiency, deficiency
meagerness, meagreness
meagerness, leanness
meagerness, poorness
meagerness, scantiness
meagerness, scantness
meagerness, exiguity
deficit, shortage
deficit, shortfall
sparseness, spareness
sparseness, sparsity
sparseness, thinness
abundance, copiousness
abundance, teemingness
amplitude, bountifulness
amplitude, bounty
plenty, plentifulness
plenty, plenteousness
plenty, plenitude
plenty, plentitude
profusion, profuseness
profusion, richness
profusion, cornucopia
luxuriance, lushness
luxuriance, voluptuousness
greenness, verdancy
greenness, verdure
scarcity, scarceness
dearth, paucity
rarity, rareness
rarity, infrequency
moderation, moderateness
immoderation, immoderateness
excess, excessiveness
excess, inordinateness
extravagance, extravagancy
exorbitance, outrageousness
overabundance, overmuch
overabundance, overmuchness
overabundance, superabundance
excess, surplus
excess, surplusage
excess, nimiety
glut, oversupply
glut, surfeit
overplus, plethora
overplus, superfluity
overplus, embarrassment
redundancy, redundance
number, figure
numerousness, numerosity
numerousness, multiplicity
preponderance, prevalence
innumerableness, countlessness
majority, bulk
limit, bound
limit, boundary
starkness, absoluteness
starkness, utterness
utmost, uttermost
utmost, maximum
verge, brink
scope, range
scope, reach
scope, orbit
scope, compass
scope, ambit
internationality, internationalism
horizon, view
horizon, purview
sweep, expanse
palette, pallet
area, expanse
distance, length
wingspan, wingspread
hour, minute
mileage, milage
altitude, height
extension, lengthiness
extension, prolongation
depth, deepness
deepness, profundity
deepness, profoundness
draft, draught
width, breadth
wideness, broadness
thickness, heaviness
fineness, thinness
height, tallness
highness, loftiness
squatness, stubbiness
shortness, truncation
merit, virtue
demerit, fault
worthlessness, ineptitude
groundlessness, idleness
paltriness, sorriness
shoddiness, trashiness
damn, darn
damn, hoot
damn, shit
damn, shucks
vanity, emptiness
invaluableness, preciousness
invaluableness, pricelessness
invaluableness, valuableness
desirability, desirableness
good, goodness
benefit, welfare
advantage, reward
sake, interest
bad, badness
costliness, dearness
costliness, preciousness
lavishness, luxury
lavishness, sumptuosity
lavishness, sumptuousness
reasonableness, moderateness
reasonableness, modestness
fruitfulness, fecundity
richness, rankness
richness, prolificacy
richness, fertility
productiveness, productivity
fruitlessness, aridity
fruitlessness, barrenness
utility, usefulness
detergency, detergence
function, purpose
function, role
function, use
avail, help
avail, service
serviceability, serviceableness
serviceability, usableness
serviceability, useableness
serviceability, usability
inutility, uselessness
inutility, unusefulness
realism, pragmatism
practicability, practicableness
feasibility, feasibleness
impracticability, impracticableness
infeasibility, unfeasibility
competence, competency
incompetence, incompetency
asset, plus
aid, assistance
aid, help
recourse, refuge
recourse, resort
advantage, vantage
favor, favour
pull, clout
profit, gain
profitableness, profitability
profitableness, gainfulness
profitableness, lucrativeness
expedience, expediency
forte, metier
forte, specialty
forte, speciality
forte, strength
wisdom, wiseness
wisdom, soundness
favorableness, favourableness
favorableness, advantageousness
favorableness, positivity
favorableness, positiveness
favorableness, profitableness
auspiciousness, propitiousness
unfavorableness, unfavourableness
inauspiciousness, unpropitiousness
defect, shortcoming
loss, deprivation
price, cost
price, toll
catch, gimmick
inexpedience, inexpediency
unprofitableness, unprofitability
harmfulness, injuriousness
virulence, virulency
positivity, positiveness
positivity, positivism
assertiveness, self-assertiveness
bumptiousness, cockiness
bumptiousness, pushiness
bumptiousness, forwardness
negativity, negativeness
negativity, negativism
greatness, illustriousness
consequence, import
consequence, moment
essentiality, essentialness
indispensability, indispensableness
indispensability, vitalness
edge, sharpness
imperativeness, instancy
weight, weightiness
dispensability, dispensableness
pettiness, triviality
pettiness, slightness
pettiness, puniness
inanity, senselessness
inanity, mindlessness
inanity, vacuity
inanity, pointlessness
purposelessness, aimlessness
claim, title
entree, access
entree, accession
entree, admission
entree, admittance
authority, authorization
authority, authorisation
authority, sanction
preemption, pre-emption
preemption, pre-emption
prerogative, privilege
prerogative, perquisite
title, claim
franchise, enfranchisement
use, enjoyment
power, powerfulness
persuasiveness, strength
irresistibility, irresistibleness
interest, interestingness
newsworthiness, news
color, colour
color, vividness
stranglehold, chokehold
stranglehold, throttlehold
grip, grasp
repellent, repellant
authority, authorization
authority, authorisation
authority, potency
authority, dominance
authority, say-so
effectiveness, effectivity
effectiveness, effectualness
effectiveness, effectuality
incisiveness, trenchancy
efficacy, efficaciousness
astringency, stypsis
capability, capableness
powerlessness, impotence
powerlessness, impotency
helplessness, weakness
helplessness, impuissance
boringness, dreariness
boringness, insipidness
boringness, insipidity
tediousness, tedium
tediousness, tiresomeness
jejunity, jejuneness
jejunity, tameness
jejunity, vapidity
jejunity, vapidness
ponderousness, heaviness
inability, unfitness
incapability, incapableness
ineffectiveness, ineffectualness
ineffectiveness, ineffectuality
inefficacy, inefficaciousness
romanticism, romance
infiniteness, infinitude
infiniteness, unboundedness
infiniteness, boundlessness
infiniteness, limitlessness
finiteness, finitude
finiteness, boundedness
quantifiability, measurability
humor, humour
pathos, poignancy
brachycephaly, brachycephalism
dolichocephaly, dolichocephalism
unresponsiveness, deadness
frigidity, frigidness
totipotency, totipotence
solvability, solubility
unsolvability, insolubility
woodiness, woodsiness
cadaver, corpse
cadaver, stiff
cadaver, clay
cadaver, remains
adnexa, annexa
area, region
groove, vallecula
hilus, hilum
chiasma, chiasm
chiasma, decussation
filament, filum
fiber, fibre
glabella, mesophyron
prosthion, prostheon
plexus, rete
sheath, case
skin, tegument
skin, cutis
epidermis, cuticle
dermis, corium
dermis, derma
mantle, pallium
macule, macula
freckle, lentigo
whitehead, milium
blackhead, comedo
passage, passageway
anastomosis, inosculation
orifice, opening
orifice, porta
duct, canal
duct, channel
ductule, ductulus
locule, loculus
hair, pilus
down, pile
part, parting
hairdo, hairstyle
hairdo, coiffure
hairdo, coif
lock, curl
lock, ringlet
lock, whorl
bang, fringe
braid, plait
braid, tress
braid, twist
beard, whiskers
mustache, moustache
soup-strainer, toothbrush
mustachio, moustachio
mustachio, handle-bars
sideburn, burnside
sideburn, side-whiskers
smear, cytosmear
isthmus, band
bone, os
anklebone, astragal
anklebone, astragalus
anklebone, talus
cheekbone, zygomatic
cheekbone, malar
clavicle, collarbone
dentine, dentin
heelbone, calcaneus
raphe, rhaphe
ossicle, bonelet
ossicle, ossiculum
patella, kneecap
patella, kneepan
rib, costa
sternum, breastbone
dentition, teeth
chopper, pearly
cartilage, gristle
muscle, musculus
quadriceps, quad
tendon, sinew
primordium, anlage
viscera, entrails
viscera, innards
interoceptor, enteroceptor
tongue, lingua
tongue, glossa
tongue, clapper
trap, cakehole
trap, hole
trap, maw
trap, yap
trap, gob
cavity, cavum
gingiva, gum
canine, eyetooth
canine, dogtooth
canine, cuspid
premolar, bicuspid
molar, grinder
cementum, cement
tonsil, tonsilla
caul, veil
eye, oculus
eye, optic
eyebrow, brow
eyebrow, supercilium
eyelid, lid
eyelid, palpebra
eyelash, lash
eyelash, cilium
eyeball, orb
diaphragm, midriff
eardrum, tympanum
eardrum, myringa
utricle, utriculus
saccule, sacculus
auricle, pinna
auricle, ear
malleus, hammer
incus, anvil
stapes, stirrup
meninx, meninges
gland, secretor
gland, secreter
spleen, lien
artery, arteria
arteriole, arteriola
heart, pump
heart, ticker
cusp, leaflet
valvule, valvelet
valvule, valvula
stomach, tummy
stomach, tum
stomach, breadbasket
vessel, vas
juice, succus
colostrum, foremilk
clot, coagulum
plasma, plasm
semen, seed
semen, ejaculate
semen, cum
semen, come
tear, teardrop
perspiration, sweat
perspiration, sudor
bile, gall
hormone, endocrine
noradrenaline, norepinephrine
epinephrine, epinephrin
epinephrine, adrenaline
epinephrine, Adrenalin
gonadotropin, gonadotrophin
oxytocin, Pitocin
somatotropin, somatotrophin
somatotropin, STH
calcitonin, thyrocalcitonin
thyroxine, thyroxin
thyroxine, tetraiodothyronine
thyroxine, T
triiodothyronine, liothyronine
triiodothyronine, T
vasopressin, ADH
vasopressin, Pitressin
autacoid, autocoid
phlegm, sputum
saliva, spit
saliva, spittle
drool, dribble
drool, drivel
drool, slobber
pus, purulence
pus, suppuration
pus, ichor
pus, sanies
pus, festering
leukorrhea, leucorrhea
vein, vena
venule, venula
energid, protoplast
cytoplasm, cytol
nucleoplasm, karyoplasm
nucleus, karyon
nucleolus, nucleole
gene, cistron
gene, factor
allele, allelomorph
suppressor, suppresser
centromere, kinetochore
mitochondrion, chondriosome
akaryocyte, akaryote
akaryocyte, acaryote
megalocyte, macrocyte
leukocyte, leucocyte
leukocyte, WBC
basophil, basophile
neutrophil, neutrophile
eosinophil, eosinophile
sperm, spermatozoon
sperm, spermatozoan
myofibril, myofibrilla
myofibril, sarcostyle
center, centre
neurolemma, neurilemma
end-plate, endplate
neuroglia, glia
astroglia, macroglia
oligodendroglia, oligodendria
axon, axone
process, outgrowth
process, appendage
caruncle, caruncula
wattle, lappet
spicule, spiculum
nerve, nervus
lemniscus, fillet
trochlear, trochlearis
trigeminal, trigeminus
abducent, abducens
vagus, pneumogastric
brain, encephalon
neencephalon, neoencephalon
neopallium, neocortex
archipallium, paleocortex
paleencephalon, paleoencephalon
paleencephalon, palaeencephalon
neuropil, neuropile
pituitary, hypophysis
fold, plica
gyrus, convolution
forebrain, prosencephalon
diencephalon, interbrain
diencephalon, betweenbrain
diencephalon, thalmencephalon
pallidum, paleostriatum
midbrain, mesencephalon
hindbrain, rhombencephalon
brainstem, brain-stem
bladder, vesica
genitalia, genitals
genitalia, privates
genitalia, crotch
cisterna, cistern
pouch, pocket
vesicle, cyst
blister, bulla
blister, bleb
uterus, womb
cunt, puss
cunt, pussy
cunt, slit
cunt, snatch
cunt, twat
hymen, maidenhead
clitoris, clit
clitoris, button
testis, testicle
testis, orchis
testis, ball
testis, ballock
testis, bollock
testis, nut
testis, egg
penis, phallus
penis, member
cock, prick
cock, dick
cock, shaft
cock, pecker
cock, peter
cock, tool
cock, putz
micropenis, microphallus
prepuce, foreskin
prepuce, foreskin
arytenoid, arytaenoid
trachea, windpipe
esophagus, oesophagus
esophagus, gorge
esophagus, gullet
intestine, bowel
intestine, gut
cecum, caecum
arse, arsehole
arse, asshole
arse, bunghole
head, caput
attic, bean
attic, bonce
attic, noodle
attic, noggin
attic, dome
pate, poll
pate, crown
calvaria, skullcap
cranium, braincase
cranium, brainpan
mastoid, mastoidal
tuberosity, tubercle
tuberosity, eminence
suture, sutura
fontanelle, fontanel
foramen, hiatus
neck, cervix
frill, ruff
nape, scruff
nape, nucha
throat, pharynx
fistula, sinus
armpit, axilla
torso, trunk
torso, body
pectoral, pectoralis
pectoral, pecs
thorax, chest
thorax, pectus
breast, chest
breast, bosom
breast, knocker
breast, boob
breast, tit
breast, titty
nipple, mammilla
nipple, mamilla
nipple, pap
nipple, teat
nipple, tit
middle, midriff
middle, midsection
waist, waistline
belly, paunch
pot, potbelly
pot, corporation
pot, tummy
navel, umbilicus
navel, bellybutton
navel, omphalos
navel, omphalus
abdomen, venter
abdomen, stomach
abdomen, belly
abdominal, ab
underbelly, underbody
pubes, loins
back, dorsum
buttocks, nates
buttocks, arse
buttocks, butt
buttocks, backside
buttocks, bum
buttocks, buns
buttocks, can
buttocks, fundament
buttocks, hindquarters
buttocks, keister
buttocks, posterior
buttocks, prat
buttocks, rear
buttocks, rump
buttocks, stern
buttocks, seat
buttocks, tail
buttocks, tooshie
buttocks, tush
buttocks, bottom
buttocks, behind
buttocks, derriere
buttocks, fanny
buttocks, ass
buttock, cheek
extremity, appendage
extremity, member
pin, peg
pin, stick
bowleg, bandyleg
spindlelegs, spindleshanks
foot, pes
hand, manus
hand, mitt
hand, paw
hooks, maulers
palm, thenar
digit, dactyl
thumb, pollex
index, forefinger
gluteus, glute
knee, genu
femur, thighbone
femur, femoris
calf, sura
flatfoot, splayfoot
elbow, cubitus
half-moon, lunula
half-moon, lunule
fascia, facia
graft, transplant
autograft, autoplasty
homograft, allograft
heterograft, xenograft
hangnail, agnail
wrist, carpus
diaphysis, shaft
tibia, shinbone
tibia, shin
joint, articulation
joint, articulatio
hip, coxa
pelvis, hip
crotch, fork
groin, inguen
beak, honker
beak, hooter
beak, nozzle
beak, snoot
beak, snout
beak, schnozzle
beak, schnoz
chin, mentum
countenance, physiognomy
countenance, phiz
countenance, visage
countenance, kisser
countenance, smiler
countenance, mug
feature, lineament
brow, forehead
wall, paries
humor, humour
tunic, tunica
tunic, adventitia
celom, coelom
celom, celoma
zone, zona
zonule, zonula
mind, head
mind, brain
mind, psyche
mind, nous
open, surface
astuteness, profundity
astuteness, profoundness
astuteness, depth
astuteness, deepness
sagacity, sagaciousness
sagacity, judgment
sagacity, judgement
sagacity, discernment
discretion, discreetness
discretion, circumspection
discretion, prudence
caution, precaution
caution, care
caution, forethought
injudiciousness, indiscreetness
ability, power
wisdom, sapience
brain, brainpower
brain, mentality
brain, wit
breadth, comprehensiveness
breadth, largeness
capaciousness, roominess
mind, intellect
brilliance, genius
precociousness, precocity
acuteness, acuity
acuteness, sharpness
acuteness, keenness
brightness, cleverness
brightness, smartness
craft, craftiness
craft, cunning
craft, foxiness
craft, guile
craft, slyness
craft, wiliness
shrewdness, astuteness
shrewdness, perspicacity
shrewdness, perspicaciousness
insightfulness, acumen
wits, marbles
capability, capableness
capability, potentiality
compass, range
compass, reach
compass, grasp
sight, ken
endowment, gift
endowment, talent
bent, knack
bent, hang
flair, genius
creativity, creativeness
fecundity, fruitfulness
genius, wizardry
imagination, imaginativeness
imagination, vision
Annwfn, Annwn
fairyland, faerie
fairyland, faery
Valhalla, Walhalla
Hell, Hades
Hell, netherworld
Hell, Scheol
Hell, underworld
Hell, perdition
Hell, Inferno
Hell, pit
Gehenna, Tartarus
Utopia, Zion
Utopia, Sion
fantasy, phantasy
invention, innovation
invention, excogitation
invention, conception
invention, design
inventiveness, ingeniousness
inventiveness, ingenuity
inventiveness, cleverness
resource, resourcefulness
resource, imagination
armory, armoury
armory, inventory
novelty, freshness
aviation, airmanship
enology, oenology
ventriloquism, ventriloquy
skill, science
skill, accomplishment
skill, acquirement
skill, acquisition
skill, attainment
craft, craftsmanship
craft, workmanship
art, artistry
art, prowess
soldiering, soldiership
expertness, expertise
command, control
command, mastery
adeptness, adroitness
adeptness, deftness
adeptness, facility
adeptness, quickness
dexterity, sleight
proficiency, technique
denseness, dumbness
denseness, slow-wittedness
dullness, obtuseness
retardation, backwardness
retardation, slowness
retardation, subnormality
idiocy, amentia
folly, foolishness
folly, craziness
folly, madness
incapability, incapableness
awkwardness, clumsiness
awkwardness, ineptness
awkwardness, ineptitude
awkwardness, maladroitness
awkwardness, slowness
illiteracy, analphabetism
triteness, staleness
faculty, module
language, speech
vocabulary, lexicon
memory, retention
memory, retentiveness
memory, retentivity
reason, understanding
reason, intellect
sense, sensation
sense, sentience
sense, sentiency
volition, will
sensitivity, sensitiveness
sensitivity, sensibility
responsiveness, reactivity
excitability, irritability
photosensitivity, radiosensitivity
sight, vision
acuity, sharp-sightedness
twenty-twenty, 20/20
eyesight, seeing
eyesight, sightedness
hearing, audition
taste, gustation
smell, olfaction
kinesthesis, kinaesthesis
kinesthesis, kinesthesia
kinesthesis, kinaesthesia
kinesthesis, kinesthetics
somesthesia, somesthesis
somesthesia, somaesthesia
somesthesia, somaesthesis
somesthesia, somatesthesia
somesthesia, somataesthesis
custom, tradition
convention, normal
convention, pattern
convention, rule
convention, formula
habit, wont
matter, affair
matter, thing
amnesia, blackout
obliviousness, oblivion
set, readiness
self, ego
awareness, consciousness
awareness, cognizance
awareness, cognisance
awareness, knowingness
awareness, sentience
sensibility, esthesia
sensibility, aesthesia
unknowingness, unawareness
grogginess, stupor
grogginess, stupefaction
grogginess, semiconsciousness
coma, comatoseness
curiosity, wonder
interest, involvement
curiousness, inquisitiveness
nosiness, prying
nosiness, snoopiness
confusion, confusedness
confusion, muddiness
confusion, disarray
daze, fog
daze, haze
bewilderment, obfuscation
bewilderment, puzzlement
bewilderment, befuddlement
bewilderment, mystification
bewilderment, bafflement
bewilderment, bemusement
mystery, enigma
mystery, secret
tangle, snarl
tangle, maze
dilemma, quandary
trouble, problem
hindrance, hinderance
hindrance, deterrent
hindrance, impediment
hindrance, balk
hindrance, baulk
hindrance, check
hindrance, handicap
albatross, millstone
obstacle, obstruction
barrier, roadblock
hang-up, hitch
hang-up, rub
hang-up, snag
stymie, stymy
determinant, determiner
determinant, determinative
pestilence, canker
anchor, mainstay
anchor, keystone
anchor, backbone
anchor, linchpin
anchor, lynchpin
temptation, enticement
bait, come-on
bait, hook
bait, lure
bait, sweetener
counterpart, vis-a-vis
substitute, replacement
assurance, self-assurance
assurance, confidence
assurance, self-confidence
assurance, authority
assurance, sureness
certitude, cocksureness
certitude, overconfidence
reliance, trust
doubt, uncertainty
doubt, incertitude
doubt, dubiety
doubt, doubtfulness
doubt, dubiousness
misgiving, mistrust
misgiving, distrust
misgiving, suspicion
incredulity, disbelief
incredulity, skepticism
indecision, indecisiveness
indecision, irresolution
hesitation, vacillation
hesitation, wavering
morbidity, morbidness
preoccupation, preoccupancy
preoccupation, absorption
preoccupation, engrossment
obsession, fixation
abstractedness, abstraction
reverie, revery
process, operation
attention, attending
attentiveness, heed
attentiveness, regard
notice, observation
notice, observance
advertence, advertency
concentration, engrossment
concentration, absorption
concentration, immersion
focus, focusing
focus, focussing
focus, direction
focus, centering
watchfulness, wakefulness
watchfulness, vigilance
watchfulness, alertness
inattentiveness, heedlessness
disregard, neglect
oversight, inadvertence
exception, exclusion
exception, elision
discernment, perceptiveness
penetration, insight
detection, sensing
sensation, esthesis
sensation, aesthesis
threshold, limen
smell, odor
smell, odour
aroma, fragrance
aroma, perfume
aroma, scent
malodor, malodour
malodor, stench
malodor, stink
malodor, reek
malodor, fetor
malodor, foetor
malodor, mephitis
niff, pong
relish, flavor
relish, flavour
relish, sapidity
relish, savor
relish, savour
relish, smack
relish, nip
relish, tang
sweet, sweetness
sweet, sugariness
sour, sourness
sour, tartness
acidity, acidulousness
bitter, bitterness
salt, saltiness
salt, salinity
astringency, astringence
music, euphony
overtone, partial
noise, dissonance
noise, racket
synesthesia, synaesthesia
chromesthesia, chromaesthesia
somesthesia, somaesthesia
somesthesia, somatesthesia
constriction, tightness
kinesthesia, kinaesthesia
touch, feeling
prickling, tingle
prickling, tingling
itch, itchiness
itch, itching
topognosia, topognosis
heat, warmth
cold, coldness
arrangement, organization
arrangement, organisation
arrangement, system
design, plan
unitization, unitisation
unitization, chunking
configuration, constellation
classification, categorization
classification, categorisation
classification, sorting
grouping, pigeonholing
appraisal, assessment
criticism, critique
knock, roast
attribution, ascription
attribution, ascription
externalization, externalisation
cross-classification, cross-division
evaluation, valuation
evaluation, rating
mark, grade
mark, score
percentile, centile
assay, check
bioassay, bio-assay
reappraisal, revaluation
reappraisal, review
reappraisal, reassessment
stocktaking, stock-taking
discrimination, secernment
differentiation, distinction
line, demarcation
line, contrast
hairsplitting, word-splitting
individualization, individualisation
individualization, individuation
taste, appreciation
taste, discernment
taste, perceptiveness
virtu, vertu
virtu, connoisseurship
vogue, trend
vogue, style
fad, craze
fad, furor
fad, furore
fad, cult
fad, rage
delicacy, discretion
learning, acquisition
internalization, internalisation
internalization, incorporation
memorization, memorisation
study, work
transfer, carry-over
generalization, generalisation
acculturation, assimilation
self-education, self-cultivation
school, schooling
familiarization, familiarisation
memory, remembering
recall, recollection
recall, reminiscence
remembrance, recollection
remembrance, anamnesis
recognition, identification
association, connection
association, connexion
overlap, convergence
overlap, intersection
symbol, symbolization
symbol, symbolisation
typification, exemplification
interpretation, interpreting
interpretation, rendition
interpretation, rendering
depicting, depiction
depicting, portraying
depicting, portrayal
anthropomorphism, theanthropism
imagination, imaging
imagination, imagery
picturing, envisioning
dream, dreaming
dream, dreaming
chimera, chimaera
reverie, revery
reverie, daydream
reverie, daydreaming
reverie, oneirism
pretense, pretence
pretense, make-believe
pursuit, pursuance
pursuit, quest
thinking, thought
thinking, cerebration
thinking, intellection
thinking, mentation
argumentation, argument
argumentation, line
deduction, synthesis
generalization, generalisation
generalization, induction
inference, illation
prediction, anticipation
prediction, prevision
prophecy, prognostication
prophecy, vaticination
prefiguration, foreshadowing
prefiguration, adumbration
divination, foretelling
divination, soothsaying
dowse, dowsing
dowse, rhabdomancy
palmistry, chiromancy
palmistry, chirology
theorization, theorisation
supposition, supposal
abstraction, generalization
abstraction, generalisation
deduction, entailment
deduction, implication
breakdown, partitioning
resolution, resolving
factorization, factorisation
factorization, factoring
diagonalization, diagonalisation
cogitation, study
deliberation, weighing
deliberation, advisement
contemplation, reflection
contemplation, reflexion
contemplation, rumination
contemplation, musing
contemplation, thoughtfulness
meditation, speculation
introspection, self-contemplation
introspection, self-examination
soul-searching, self-analysis
examen, examination
omphaloskepsis, navel-gazing
settlement, resolution
settlement, closure
judgment, judgement
judgment, judging
prejudgment, prejudgement
reversal, flip-flop
reversal, turnabout
reversal, turnaround
reconsideration, afterthought
reconsideration, rethink
choice, pick
choice, selection
cull, reject
favorite, favourite
option, alternative
option, choice
preference, druthers
possibility, opening
rationale, principle
basis, base
basis, foundation
basis, fundament
basis, groundwork
basis, cornerstone
rationalization, rationalisation
planning, preparation
planning, provision
agreement, arrangement
calculation, deliberation
premeditation, forethought
inquiry, enquiry
inquiry, research
experiment, experimentation
trial, test
trial, tryout
probe, investigation
poll, canvass
calculation, computation
calculation, figuring
calculation, reckoning
digitization, digitisation
estimate, estimation
estimate, approximation
estimate, idea
guess, guesswork
guess, guessing
guess, shot
guesstimate, guestimate
overestimate, overestimation
overestimate, overrating
overestimate, overreckoning
underestimate, underestimation
underestimate, underrating
underestimate, underreckoning
cognizance, ken
prevision, foresight
prevision, farsightedness
prevision, prospicience
understanding, apprehension
understanding, discernment
understanding, savvy
appreciation, grasp
appreciation, hold
insight, brainstorm
insight, brainwave
realization, realisation
realization, recognition
discovery, breakthrough
discovery, find
world, reality
life, living
reliving, re-experiencing
bugbear, hobgoblin
center, centre
love, passion
noumenon, thing-in-itself
memento, souvenir
topic, subject
topic, issue
topic, matter
reading, indication
acquaintance, familiarity
acquaintance, conversance
acquaintance, conversancy
detail, item
detail, point
particular, specific
respect, regard
technicality, trifle
technicality, triviality
example, illustration
example, instance
example, representative
apology, excuse
circumstance, condition
circumstance, consideration
evidence, grounds
confirmation, verification
confirmation, check
confirmation, substantiation
establishment, validation
disproof, falsification
disproof, refutation
lead, track
lead, trail
evocation, induction
evocation, elicitation
stimulation, stimulus
stimulation, stimulant
stimulation, input
bonus, fillip
joy, delight
joy, pleasure
annoyance, bother
annoyance, botheration
annoyance, pain
annoyance, infliction
irritant, thorn
concern, worry
concern, headache
concern, vexation
burden, load
burden, encumbrance
burden, incumbrance
burden, onus
grief, sorrow
idea, thought
source, seed
source, germ
concept, conception
concept, construct
conceptualization, conceptualisation
conceptualization, conceptuality
trap, snare
judgment, judgement
judgment, mind
decision, determination
decision, conclusion
kind, sort
kind, form
kind, variety
version, variant
version, variation
version, edition
perpendicular, English-Gothic
flavor, flavour
color, colour
brand, make
like, ilk
rule, regulation
restriction, limitation
rule, formula
guidepost, guideline
property, attribute
property, dimension
quality, character
quality, lineament
feature, characteristic
aspect, facet
attraction, attractor
attraction, attracter
attraction, magnet
centerpiece, centrepiece
excellence, excellency
sector, sphere
foil, enhancer
abstraction, abstract
correlate, correlative
constant, invariable
sum, amount
sum, total
polynomial, multinomial
convergence, convergency
divergence, divergency
McGuffin, MacGuffin
attractor, attracter
metacenter, metacentre
part, section
part, division
component, constituent
component, element
component, factor
component, ingredient
leaven, leavening
complex, composite
fundamentals, basics
fundamentals, bedrock
rudiment, alphabet
rudiment, ABC
rudiment, ABC's
rudiment, ABCs
principle, rule
hypothesis, possibility
hypothesis, theory
model, framework
outline, schema
outline, scheme
speculation, conjecture
assumption, supposition
assumption, supposal
prerequisite, requirement
requirement, demand
given, presumption
given, precondition
sophism, sophistry
sophism, sophistication
self-deception, self-deceit
mistake, misunderstanding
mistake, misapprehension
illusion, fantasy
illusion, phantasy
illusion, fancy
delusion, hallucination
apparition, phantom
apparition, phantasm
apparition, phantasma
apparition, fantasm
apparition, shadow
ghost, shade
ghost, spook
ghost, wraith
ghost, specter
ghost, spectre
plan, program
plan, programme
program, programme
blueprint, design
blueprint, pattern
tactic, tactics
tactic, maneuver
tactic, manoeuvre
scheme, strategy
contrivance, stratagem
contrivance, dodge
wangle, wangling
plot, game
counterplot, counterplan
intrigue, machination
conspiracy, cabal
regimen, regime
project, projection
moneymaker, money-spinner
agenda, docket
agenda, schedule
menu, fare
generalization, generalisation
generalization, generality
principle, rule
salat, salaat
salat, salah
salat, salaah
hajj, haj
hajj, hadj
inkling, intimation
inkling, glimmering
inkling, glimmer
impression, feeling
impression, belief
impression, notion
impression, opinion
intuition, hunch
intuition, suspicion
heart, bosom
prescience, prevision
notion, whim
notion, whimsy
notion, whimsey
meaning, substance
theme, motif
significance, import
significance, implication
kernel, substance
kernel, core
kernel, center
kernel, centre
kernel, essence
kernel, gist
kernel, heart
kernel, inwardness
kernel, marrow
kernel, meat
kernel, nub
kernel, pith
kernel, sum
kernel, nitty-gritty
quiddity, haecceity
tenor, strain
drift, purport
undertone, undercurrent
reference, denotation
reference, extension
idealization, idealisation
paragon, idol
paragon, perfection
criterion, standard
exemplar, example
exemplar, model
beauty, beaut
reconditeness, abstruseness
reconditeness, abstrusity
reconditeness, profoundness
reconditeness, profundity
schema, scheme
interpretation, reading
interpretation, version
character, role
character, part
character, persona
percept, perception
form, shape
form, pattern
view, aspect
view, prospect
view, scene
view, vista
view, panorama
background, ground
afterimage, aftersensation
model, example
lodestar, loadstar
prototype, paradigm
prototype, epitome
prototype, image
original, archetype
original, pilot
pacesetter, pacemaker
template, templet
template, guide
illusion, semblance
three-D, 3-D
three-D, 3D
blur, fuzz
abstractionism, unrealism
shape, embodiment
faith, trust
doctrine, philosophy
doctrine, ism
expectation, outlook
expectation, prospect
fetishism, fetichism
opinion, sentiment
opinion, persuasion
opinion, view
opinion, thought
pacifism, pacificism
religion, faith
cult, cultus
preconception, prepossession
taboo, tabu
promise, hope
anticipation, expectancy
apprehension, misgiving
patchwork, hodgepodge
patchwork, jumble
Kabbalah, Kabbala
Kabbalah, Kabala
Kabbalah, Cabbalah
Kabbalah, Cabbala
Kabbalah, Cabala
Kabbalah, Qabbalah
Kabbalah, Qabbala
Kabbalism, Cabalism
chivalry, knightliness
ethic, value-system
preemption, pre-emption
antiestablishmentarianism, antiestablishmentism
creed, credo
establishmentarianism, establishmentism
irredentism, irridentism
pacifism, pacificism
pacifism, passivism
predestination, foreordination
predestination, preordination
predestination, predetermination
rationalism, freethinking
humanitarianism, humanism
egalitarianism, equalitarianism
magic, thaumaturgy
aesthetic, esthetic
Aristotelianism, peripateticism
deconstruction, deconstructionism
empiricism, sensationalism
materialism, physicalism
Platonism, realism
semiotics, semiology
sensualism, sensationalism
Taoism, Daoism
conjuring, conjuration
conjuring, conjury
conjuring, invocation
exorcism, dispossession
evocation, summoning
sorcery, necromancy
witchcraft, witchery
enchantment, bewitchment
diabolism, demonism
diabolism, Satanism
unbelief, disbelief
agnosticism, skepticism
agnosticism, scepticism
heresy, unorthodoxy
goal, end
aim, object
aim, objective
aim, target
bourn, bourne
destination, terminus
purpose, intent
purpose, intention
purpose, aim
purpose, design
mind, idea
acculturation, culture
eruditeness, erudition
eruditeness, learnedness
eruditeness, learning
eruditeness, scholarship
eruditeness, encyclopedism
eruditeness, encyclopaedism
foundation, grounding
edification, sophistication
disenchantment, disillusion
disenchantment, disillusionment
dark, darkness
ignorantness, nescience
ignorantness, unknowing
ignorantness, unknowingness
inexperience, rawness
lateralization, lateralisation
lateralization, laterality
discipline, subject
discipline, field
discipline, study
discipline, bailiwick
region, realm
mathematics, math
mathematics, maths
coordinate, co-ordinate
trigonometry, trig
average, norm
population, universe
biometrics, biometry
biometrics, biostatistics
dysgenics, cacogenics
dentistry, odontology
endodontics, endodontia
exodontics, exodontia
orthodontics, orthodontia
orthodontics, orthodonture
periodontics, periodontia
prosthodontics, prosthodontia
geriatrics, gerontology
gynecology, gynaecology
hematology, haematology
hygiene, hygienics
immunochemistry, chemoimmunology
nosology, diagnostics
obstetrics, OB
obstetrics, tocology
obstetrics, midwifery
fetology, foetology
pharmacy, pharmaceutics
psychiatry, psychopathology
psychotherapy, psychotherapeutics
audiology, audiometry
pediatrics, paediatrics
pediatrics, pedology
podiatry, chiropody
rhinolaryngology, otorhinolaryngology
rhinolaryngology, otolaryngology
orthopedics, orthopaedics
botany, phytology
ecology, bionomics
exobiology, astrobiology
entomology, bugology
lepidopterology, lepidoptery
paleontology, palaeontology
paleontology, fossilology
paleoanthropology, palaeoanthropology
paleobotany, palaeobotany
phycology, algology
paleodendrology, palaeodendrology
paleozoology, palaeozoology
paleornithology, palaeornithology
paleobiology, palaeobiology
zymology, zymurgy
paleoecology, palaeoecology
astronomy, uranology
aeronautics, astronautics
cosmology, cosmogony
cosmology, cosmogeny
cryogenics, cryogeny
electromagnetism, electromagnetics
Mendelism, Mendelianism
dynamics, kinetics
hydrodynamics, hydrokinetics
aeromechanics, aerodynamics
paleogeology, palaeogeology
morphology, geomorphology
orology, orography
oceanography, oceanology
volcanology, vulcanology
magnetism, magnetics
petrology, lithology
speleology, spelaeology
geography, geographics
architectonics, tectonics
engineering, technology
biotechnology, bioengineering
biotechnology, ergonomics
biotechnology, biotech
futurology, futuristics
behaviorism, behaviourism
psychometry, psychometrics
psychometry, psychometrika
archeology, archaeology
paleoclimatology, palaeoclimatology
paleogeography, palaeogeography
paleopathology, palaeopathology
paletiology, palaetiology
paleology, palaeology
protohistory, protoanthropology
protoarcheology, protoarchaeology
paleoethnography, palaeoethnography
politics, government
penology, poenology
biosystematics, biosystematy
classicism, classicalism
eudemonism, endaemonism
etiology, aetiology
aesthetics, esthetics
jurisprudence, law
literature, lit
prosody, metrics
linguistics, philology
stemmatology, stemmatics
cryptanalysis, cryptanalytics
cryptanalysis, cryptography
cryptanalysis, cryptology
phonology, phonemics
toponymy, toponomy
theology, divinity
liturgics, liturgiology
Jesuitism, Jesuitry
patristics, patrology
teaching, precept
teaching, commandment
mitzvah, mitsvah
Boehmenism, Behmenism
Erastianism, Byzantinism
Erastianism, Caesaropapism
millenarianism, millenarism
millenarianism, millenniumism
millenarianism, chiliasm
credence, acceptance
mentality, outlook
mentality, mindset
mentality, mind-set
position, stance
position, posture
inclination, disposition
inclination, tendency
drift, trend
drift, movement
sympathy, understanding
favoritism, favouritism
proclivity, propensity
proclivity, leaning
bent, set
predilection, preference
predilection, orientation
favor, favour
disfavor, disfavour
disfavor, dislike
disfavor, disapproval
partiality, partisanship
anthropocentrism, anthropocentricity
bias, prejudice
bias, preconception
sectionalism, provincialism
sectionalism, localism
impartiality, nonpartisanship
fairness, fair-mindedness
fairness, candor
fairness, candour
anti-Semitism, antisemitism
liberality, liberalness
disinterest, neutrality
narrow-mindedness, narrowness
sectarianism, denominationalism
bigotry, dogmatism
fanaticism, fanatism
fanaticism, zealotry
respect, esteem
respect, regard
estimate, estimation
reputation, report
position, view
position, perspective
vanguard, forefront
slant, angle
conformity, conformism
unorthodoxy, heterodoxy
unorthodoxy, heresy
nonconformity, nonconformism
nonconformity, nonconformance
absolutism, totalitarianism
absolutism, totalism
centrism, moderatism
Leninism, Marxism-Leninism
conservatism, conservativism
Mandaeanism, Mandeanism
atheism, godlessness
paganism, heathenism
obeah, obi
Catholicism, Catholicity
Romanism, papism
Albigensianism, Catharism
Tractarianism, Puseyism
Wesleyanism, Wesleyism
Hasidism, Hassidism
Hasidism, Chasidism
Hasidism, Chassidism
Islam, Islamism
Islam, Mohammedanism
Islam, Muhammadanism
Islam, Muslimism
Wahhabism, Wahabism
Hinduism, Hindooism
Brahmanism, Brahminism
Shivaism, Sivaism
Shaktism, Saktism
Vaishnavism, Vaisnavism
Vaishnavism, Vishnuism
Tantra, Tantrism
Shinto, Shintoism
Manichaeism, Manichaeanism
Mithraism, Mithraicism
Zoroastrianism, Mazdaism
Parsiism, Parseeism
voodoo, vodoun
voodoo, voodooism
voodoo, hoodooism
level, layer
level, stratum
communication, communicating
conveyance, imparting
conveyance, impartation
dissemination, airing
dissemination, spreading
propagation, extension
cipher, cypher
ether, aether
air, airwave
leaf, folio
spread, spreadhead
centerfold, centrefold
foldout, gatefold
pagination, folio
pagination, paging
channel, line
liaison, link
liaison, contact
film, cinema
film, celluloid
mail, post
airmail, airpost
newspaper, paper
tabloid, rag
tabloid, sheet
column, editorial
offprint, reprint
offprint, separate
reissue, reprint
reissue, reprinting
lead, lead-in
lead, lede
telecommunication, telecom
telephone, telephony
cable, cablegram
radiotelegraph, radiotelegraphy
radiotelephone, radiotelephony
radio, radiocommunication
radio, wireless
television, telecasting
television, TV
television, video
video, picture
audio, sound
contagion, infection
antonym, opposite
blend, portmanteau
disyllable, dissyllable
form, signifier
form, descriptor
hypernym, superordinate
hyponym, subordinate
loanblend, loan-blend
loanblend, hybrid
loanword, loan
neologism, neology
neologism, coinage
root, base
root, stem
root, theme
root, radical
etymon, root
terminology, nomenclature
terminology, language
penult, penultima
penult, penultimate
antepenult, antepenultima
antepenult, antepenultimate
sesquipedalian, sesquipedalia
ending, termination
suffix, postfix
genitive, possessive
syntagma, syntagm
construction, expression
modifier, qualifier
intensifier, intensive
determiner, determinative
conjunction, conjunctive
conjunction, connective
conjunction, continuative
participle, participial
patronymic, patronym
matronymic, metronymic
surname, cognomen
nickname, moniker
nickname, cognomen
nickname, sobriquet
nickname, soubriquet
nickname, byname
pseudonym, anonym
appellation, denomination
appellation, designation
appellation, appellative
Aga, Agha
Mister, Mr
Mister, Mr.
Mrs, Mrs.
Ms, Ms.
heading, header
heading, head
crossheading, crosshead
subheading, subhead
dropline, stephead
streamer, banner
title, rubric
caption, legend
pony, trot
pony, crib
subtitle, caption
supertitle, surtitle
shorthand, stenography
shorthand, tachygraphy
longhand, cursive
Devanagari, Nagari
Uighur, Uigur
Uighur, Uygur
cryptogram, cryptograph
cipher, cypher
cipher, cryptograph
argument, parameter
address, reference
firmware, microcode
hieroglyph, hieroglyphic
patristics, patrology
rewrite, revision
rewrite, rescript
dialogue, dialog
fictionalization, fictionalisation
fantasy, phantasy
novelette, novella
mystery, whodunit
legend, fable
fable, parable
fable, allegory
fable, apologue
Gotterdammerung, Ragnarok
climax, culmination
anticlimax, bathos
Masorah, Masora
ballad, lay
doggerel, jingle
eclogue, bucolic
eclogue, idyll
eclogue, idyl
elegy, lament
rondeau, rondel
verse, rhyme
envoy, envoi
space, place
indentation, indention
indentation, indent
indentation, indenture
installment, instalment
fascicle, fascicule
section, subdivision
article, clause
foreword, preface
foreword, prolusion
conclusion, end
conclusion, close
conclusion, closing
conclusion, ending
epilogue, epilog
epilogue, epilog
sequel, continuation
addendum, supplement
addendum, postscript
excerpt, excerption
excerpt, extract
excerpt, selection
diary, journal
capitalization, capitalisation
typing, typewriting
handwriting, hand
handwriting, script
hieroglyph, hieroglyphic
calligraphy, penmanship
calligraphy, chirography
scribble, scratch
scribble, scrawl
scribble, cacography
countersignature, countersign
endorsement, indorsement
inscription, lettering
dedication, inscription
manuscript, ms
manuscript, holograph
codex, leaf-book
scroll, roll
adaptation, version
dissertation, thesis
tract, pamphlet
composition, paper
composition, report
composition, theme
review, critique
formulary, pharmacopeia
booklet, brochure
booklet, folder
booklet, leaflet
booklet, pamphlet
textbook, text
textbook, schoolbook
catalog, catalogue
hymnal, hymnbook
hymnal, hymnary
dictionary, lexicon
glossary, gloss
handbook, enchiridion
consuetudinary, consuetudinal
guidebook, guide
annual, yearly
annual, yearbook
encyclopedia, cyclopedia
encyclopedia, encyclopaedia
encyclopedia, cyclopaedia
editing, redaction
deletion, excision
deletion, cut
rewriting, revising
revision, revisal
revision, revise
revision, rescript
rewording, recasting
rewording, rephrasing
paraphrase, paraphrasis
Avesta, Zend-Avesta
Bhagavad-Gita, Bhagavadgita
Bhagavad-Gita, Gita
Mahabharata, Mahabharatam
Mahabharata, Mahabharatum
Bible, Book
Bible, Scripture
Bible, Word
mezuzah, mezuza
Joshua, Josue
Ezekiel, Ezechiel
Obadiah, Abdias
Micah, Micheas
Habakkuk, Habacuc
Zephaniah, Sophonias
Haggai, Aggeus
Zechariah, Zacharias
Malachi, Malachias
Revelation, Apocalypse
Torah, Pentateuch
Torah, Laws
Tanakh, Tanach
Prophets, Nebiim
Haftorah, Haftarah
Haftorah, Haphtorah
Haftorah, Haphtarah
Hagiographa, Ketubim
Hagiographa, Writings
Gospel, Gospels
Gospel, evangel
Koran, Quran
Koran, al-Qur'an
Koran, Book
Fatiha, Fatihah
Mishna, Mishnah
Haggadah, Haggada
Haggadah, Hagada
Halakah, Halaka
Halakah, Halacha
summary, sum-up
summarization, summarisation
condensation, abridgement
condensation, abridgment
condensation, capsule
outline, synopsis
outline, abstract
outline, precis
recapitulation, recap
recapitulation, review
sketch, survey
sketch, resume
summation, rundown
document, papers
certificate, certification
certificate, credential
certificate, credentials
copula, copulative
enclosure, inclosure
diploma, sheepskin
list, listing
item, point
place, position
agenda, agendum
blacklist, shitlist
catalog, catalogue
enumeration, numbering
menu, card
menu, carte
masthead, flag
roll, roster
slate, ticket
platform, program
cadaster, cadastre
transcript, copy
jotting, jot
scholium, scholia
memo, memorandum
memo, memoranda
register, registry
stub, counterfoil
card, scorecard
minutes, proceedings
minutes, transactions
resolution, declaration
resolution, resolve
request, petition
request, postulation
solicitation, appeal
solicitation, collection
solicitation, ingathering
history, account
history, chronicle
history, story
biography, life
bill, account
bill, invoice
reckoning, tally
check, chit
check, tab
coupon, voucher
policy, insurance
conspiracy, confederacy
concession, grant
appraisal, estimate
appraisal, estimation
overestimate, overestimation
overestimate, overvaluation
overestimate, overappraisal
act, enactment
translation, rendering
translation, version
bill, measure
decree, edict
decree, fiat
decree, order
decree, rescript
prohibition, ban
prohibition, proscription
injunction, enjoining
injunction, enjoinment
will, testament
deed, title
license, licence
license, permit
opinion, judgment
opinion, judgement
pardon, amnesty
acquittance, release
mandate, authorization
mandate, authorisation
summons, process
interdict, interdiction
charge, complaint
rebutter, rebuttal
surrebutter, surrebuttal
software, package
program, programme
spider, wanderer
routine, subroutine
routine, subprogram
routine, procedure
routine, function
instruction, command
instruction, statement
impression, printing
collection, compendium
divan, diwan
florilegium, garland
florilegium, miscellany
compilation, digest
series, serial
magazine, mag
slick, glossy
issue, number
bumf, bumph
perusal, perusing
perusal, studying
browse, browsing
skim, skimming
message, content
message, substance
subject, topic
subject, theme
digression, aside
digression, excursus
digression, divagation
digression, parenthesis
meaning, significance
meaning, signification
meaning, import
symbolization, symbolisation
sense, signified
intension, connotation
effect, essence
effect, burden
effect, core
effect, gist
amphibology, amphiboly
intent, purport
intent, spirit
moral, lesson
nuance, nicety
nuance, shade
nuance, subtlety
nuance, refinement
nonsense, bunk
nonsense, nonsensicality
nonsense, meaninglessness
nonsense, hokum
absurdity, absurdness
absurdity, ridiculousness
balderdash, fiddle-faddle
balderdash, piffle
buzzword, cant
gibberish, gibber
incoherence, incoherency
incoherence, unintelligibility
mummery, flummery
palaver, rhetoric
rigmarole, rigamarole
shmegegge, schmegegge
stuff, hooey
stuff, poppycock
babble, babbling
babble, lallation
blather, blatherskite
jabber, jabbering
jabber, gabble
baloney, boloney
baloney, bilgewater
baloney, bosh
baloney, drool
baloney, humbug
baloney, taradiddle
baloney, tarradiddle
baloney, tommyrot
baloney, tosh
baloney, twaddle
bullshit, bull
bullshit, horseshit
bullshit, shit
bullshit, crap
bullshit, dogshit
bunk, bunkum
bunk, buncombe
bunk, guff
bunk, rot
bunk, hogwash
folderol, rubbish
folderol, tripe
folderol, trumpery
folderol, trash
folderol, wish-wash
folderol, applesauce
folderol, codswallop
pap, pablum
drivel, garbage
analects, analecta
clipping, cutting
cut, track
quotation, quote
quotation, citation
misquotation, misquote
movie, film
movie, picture
movie, pic
movie, flick
scene, shot
travelogue, travelog
cartoon, toon
documentary, docudrama
documentary, infotainment
three-D, 3-D
three-D, 3D
broadcast, program
broadcast, programme
colorcast, colourcast
serial, series
episode, installment
episode, instalment
telegram, wire
letter, missive
note, line
note, billet
postcard, mailing-card
acknowledgment, acknowledgement
adieu, adios
adieu, arrivederci
adieu, bye
adieu, bye-bye
adieu, cheerio
adieu, good-by
adieu, goodby
adieu, good-bye
adieu, goodbye
adieu, sayonara
greeting, salutation
regard, wish
regard, compliments
reception, response
aloha, ciao
handshake, shake
handshake, handshaking
handshake, handclasp
hello, hullo
hello, hi
hello, howdy
hello, how-do-you-do
condolence, commiseration
congratulation, felicitation
declination, regrets
information, info
dope, poop
dope, low-down
record, book
format, formatting
basics, rudiments
index, indicant
index, indicator
news, intelligence
news, tidings
news, word
clue, clew
clue, cue
footprint, footmark
footprint, step
sign, mark
trace, vestige
trace, tincture
trace, shadow
demonstration, monstrance
testimony, testimonial
argument, statement
clincher, determiner
reinforcement, reenforcement
documentation, certification
documentation, corroboration
guidance, counsel
guidance, counseling
guidance, counselling
guidance, direction
tip, lead
tip, steer
tip, wind
tip, hint
rule, prescript
principle, precept
ceiling, roof
ceiling, cap
floor, base
intervention, interference
nonintervention, noninterference
regulation, ordinance
closure, cloture
code, codification
admonition, monition
admonition, warning
example, lesson
secret, arcanum
cabala, cabbala
cabala, cabbalah
cabala, kabala
cabala, kabbala
cabala, kabbalah
cabala, qabala
cabala, qabalah
password, watchword
password, word
password, parole
password, countersign
well, wellspring
well, fountainhead
typography, composition
report, story
report, account
newsletter, newssheet
dispatch, despatch
dispatch, communique
exclusive, scoop
coverage, reporting
coverage, reportage
commitment, dedication
oath, swearing
guarantee, warrant
guarantee, warrantee
guarantee, warranty
security, surety
approval, commendation
sanction, countenance
sanction, endorsement
sanction, indorsement
sanction, warrant
sanction, imprimatur
O.K., OK
O.K., okay
O.K., okey
O.K., okeh
recognition, credit
memorial, commemoration
memorial, remembrance
salute, salutation
pass, passport
safe-conduct, safeguard
acclaim, acclamation
acclaim, plaudits
acclaim, plaudit
acclaim, eclat
applause, clapping
hurrah, hooray
praise, congratulations
praise, kudos
praise, extolment
encomium, eulogy
encomium, panegyric
encomium, paean
encomium, pean
eulogy, eulogium
recommendation, testimonial
character, reference
blandishment, cajolery
blandishment, palaver
blarney, coaxing
unction, smarm
unction, fulsomeness
award, accolade
award, honor
award, honour
award, laurels
tribute, testimonial
Ph.D., PhD
pennant, crown
cachet, seal
citation, commendation
decoration, medal
decoration, medallion
decoration, palm
decoration, ribbon
disapprobation, condemnation
censure, animadversion
demonization, demonisation
faultfinding, carping
fire, attack
fire, flak
fire, flack
fire, blast
rebuke, reproof
rebuke, reproval
rebuke, reprehension
rebuke, reprimand
sermon, preaching
chiding, scolding
chiding, objurgation
chiding, tongue-lashing
wig, wigging
castigation, earful
castigation, upbraiding
castigation, going-over
self-reproach, self-reproof
blame, rap
lecture, speech
correction, chastening
correction, chastisement
admonition, admonishment
admonition, monition
disrespect, discourtesy
abuse, insult
abuse, revilement
abuse, contumely
abuse, vilification
contempt, scorn
jeer, jeering
jeer, mockery
jeer, scoff
jeer, scoffing
sneer, leer
put-down, squelch
put-down, squelcher
put-down, takedown
stultification, befooling
disparagement, depreciation
disparagement, derogation
denigration, belittling
aspersion, slur
condescension, disdain
condescension, patronage
defamation, calumny
defamation, calumniation
defamation, obloquy
defamation, traducement
smear, vilification
smear, malignment
name, epithet
scurrility, billingsgate
stinger, cut
vituperation, invective
vituperation, vitriol
impudence, cheek
impudence, impertinence
sass, sassing
sass, backtalk
sass, lip
sass, mouth
interpolation, insertion
specification, spec
announcement, proclamation
announcement, annunciation
announcement, declaration
manifesto, pronunciamento
pronouncement, dictum
pronouncement, say-so
assertion, averment
assertion, asseveration
accusation, charge
allegation, allegement
formula, expression
avowal, avouchment
avowal, affirmation
reassertion, reaffirmation
profession, professing
postulation, predication
bid, bidding
contract, declaration
overbid, overcall
explanation, account
explicandum, explanandum
oversimplification, simplism
cause, reason
cause, grounds
defense, defence
defense, vindication
apology, apologia
excuse, alibi
excuse, exculpation
excuse, self-justification
extenuation, mitigation
exposition, expounding
moralizing, moralization
moralizing, moralisation
solution, answer
solution, result
solution, resolution
solution, solvent
gloss, rubric
deriving, derivation
deriving, etymologizing
answer, reply
answer, response
announcement, promulgation
handout, release
obituary, obit
obituary, necrology
program, programme
prediction, foretelling
prediction, forecasting
prediction, prognostication
prognosis, forecast
prophecy, divination
categorem, categoreme
syncategorem, syncategoreme
conclusion, ratiocination
postulate, posit
premise, premiss
premise, assumption
condition, precondition
condition, stipulation
provision, proviso
falsehood, falsity
falsehood, untruth
dodge, dodging
dodge, scheme
lie, prevarication
fib, story
fib, tale
fib, tarradiddle
fib, taradiddle
whopper, walloper
fabrication, fiction
fabrication, fable
misrepresentation, deceit
misrepresentation, deception
exaggeration, overstatement
exaggeration, magnification
pretense, pretence
pretense, feigning
pretense, dissembling
pretext, stalking-horse
subterfuge, blind
trickery, hocus-pocus
trickery, slickness
trickery, jiggery-pokery
trickery, skulduggery
trickery, skullduggery
fraudulence, duplicity
evasion, equivocation
hedge, hedging
quibble, quiddity
quibble, cavil
reservation, qualification
comment, commentary
note, annotation
note, notation
citation, cite
citation, acknowledgment
citation, credit
citation, reference
citation, mention
citation, quotation
footnote, footer
postscript, PS
cross-reference, cross-index
remark, comment
remark, input
gambit, ploy
mention, reference
observation, reflection
observation, reflexion
wisecrack, crack
wisecrack, sally
wisecrack, quip
shot, shaft
shot, slam
shot, dig
shot, barb
shot, jibe
shot, gibe
demythologization, demythologisation
mythologization, mythologisation
error, mistake
misprint, erratum
misprint, typo
misprint, literal
malapropism, malaprop
agreement, understanding
condition, term
bargain, deal
covenant, compact
covenant, concordat
treaty, pact
treaty, accord
peace, pacification
treacle, mush
treacle, slop
treacle, glop
wit, humor
wit, humour
wit, witticism
wit, wittiness
pungency, bite
sarcasm, irony
sarcasm, satire
banter, raillery
banter, give-and-take
banter, backchat
joke, gag
joke, laugh
joke, jest
joke, jape
caricature, imitation
caricature, impersonation
parody, lampoon
parody, spoof
parody, sendup
parody, mockery
parody, takeoff
parody, burlesque
parody, travesty
parody, charade
parody, pasquinade
parody, put-on
cartoon, sketch
fun, play
fun, sport
jocosity, jocularity
waggery, waggishness
drollery, clowning
drollery, comedy
drollery, funniness
pun, punning
pun, wordplay
pun, paronomasia
opinion, view
guess, conjecture
guess, supposition
guess, surmise
guess, surmisal
guess, speculation
guess, hypothesis
side, position
question, head
puzzle, puzzler
puzzle, mystifier
puzzle, teaser
riddle, conundrum
riddle, enigma
riddle, brain-teaser
poser, stumper
poser, toughie
poser, sticker
direction, instruction
address, destination
toponymy, toponomy
recipe, formula
dogma, tenet
ecumenism, ecumenicism
ecumenism, ecumenicalism
signal, signaling
signal, sign
poster, posting
poster, placard
poster, notice
poster, bill
poster, card
signpost, guidepost
fingerpost, fingerboard
mark, stigma
mark, brand
mark, stain
token, item
postage, stamp
birdcall, call
birdcall, birdsong
birdcall, song
indication, indicant
signalization, signalisation
mark, print
hoofprint, hoof-mark
squiggle, curlicue
underscore, underline
harbinger, forerunner
harbinger, predecessor
harbinger, herald
harbinger, precursor
hint, clue
alarm, alert
alarm, alarum
taps, lights-out
tattle, singing
tattle, telling
dot, dit
dash, dah
whistle, whistling
numeral, number
exponent, power
exponent, index
logarithm, log
antilogarithm, antilog
obbligato, obligato
arrow, pointer
character, grapheme
readout, read-out
superscript, superior
subscript, inferior
point, head
hacek, wedge
umlaut, dieresis
umlaut, diaeresis
capital, uppercase
capital, majuscule
font, fount
font, typeface
font, face
font, case
modern, Bodoni
boldface, bold
serif, seriph
asterisk, star
dagger, obelisk
digraph, digram
A, a
B, b
C, c
D, d
E, e
F, f
G, g
H, h
I, i
J, j
K, k
L, l
M, m
N, n
O, o
P, p
Q, q
R, r
S, s
T, t
U, u
V, v
W, w
W, double-u
X, x
X, ex
Y, y
Y, wye
Z, z
Z, zee
Z, zed
Z, ezed
Z, izzard
chi, khi
space, blank
ideogram, ideograph
logogram, logograph
hyphen, dash
period, point
period, stop
solidus, slash
solidus, virgule
solidus, diagonal
solidus, stroke
solidus, separatrix
authentication, hallmark
authentication, assay-mark
stamp, impression
imprint, embossment
phylactery, tefillin
flourish, fanfare
flourish, tucket
swoop, slide
tonic, keynote
tone, step
trill, shake
staff, stave
key, tonality
atonality, atonalism
measure, bar
note, tone
natural, cancel
solmization, solmisation
do, doh
do, ut
re, ray
sol, soh
sol, so
la, lah
ti, te
ti, si
bass, basso
countertenor, alto
contralto, alto
mezzo-soprano, mezzo
flare, flash
gesture, motion
grimace, face
pout, moue
frown, scowl
smile, smiling
smile, grin
smile, grinning
demonstration, demo
display, show
gaudery, pomp
expression, manifestation
expression, reflection
expression, reflexion
exemplification, illustration
emblem, allegory
swastika, Hakenkreuz
ID, I.D.
screening, showing
screening, viewing
preview, prevue
preview, trailer
ostentation, fanfare
ostentation, flash
bravado, bluster
flourish, brandish
act, routine
act, number
act, turn
act, bit
show-stopper, showstopper
show-stopper, stopper
rendition, rendering
substrate, substratum
superstrate, superstratum
Amerind, Indian
Algonquian, Algonquin
Atakapa, Atakapan
Atakapa, Attacapa
Atakapa, Attacapan
Athapaskan, Athapascan
Athapaskan, Athabaskan
Athapaskan, Athabascan
Algonkian, Algonkin
Arapaho, Arapahoe
Iowa, Ioway
Oto, Otoe
Kansa, Kansas
Malecite, Maleseet
Massachuset, Massachusetts
Menomini, Menominee
Mohican, Mahican
Oglala, Ogalala
Ojibwa, Ojibway
Ojibwa, Chippewa
Ponca, Ponka
Choctaw, Chahta
Muskhogean, Muskogean
Salish, Salishan
Shoshonean, Shoshonian
Caddo, Caddoan
Arikara, Aricara
Iroquoian, Iroquois
Quechua, Quechuan
Quechua, Kechua
Quechua, Kechuan
Arawak, Arawakan
Eskimo, Esquimau
Zapotec, Zapotecan
Maya, Mayan
Navaho, Navajo
Chipewyan, Chippewyan
Chipewyan, Chippewaian
Hokan, Hoka
Cocopa, Cocopah
Kiliwa, Kiliwi
Mohave, Mojave
Walapai, Hualapai
Walapai, Hualpai
Mariposan, Yokuts
Moquelumnan, Miwok
Pujunan, Maidu
Chinookan, Chinook
Kalapooian, Kalapuyan
Shahaptian, Sahaptin
Takilman, Takelma
Yucatec, Yucateco
Turki, Turkic
Turki, Turko-Tatar
Turkmen, Turkoman
Turkmen, Turcoman
Kazak, Kazakh
Uzbek, Uzbeg
Uzbek, Uzbak
Uzbek, Usbek
Uzbek, Usbeg
Uighur, Uigur
Uighur, Uygur
Kirghiz, Kirgiz
Kirghiz, Khirghiz
Chagatai, Jagatai
Chagatai, Jaghatai
Tungus, Tunguz
Tungus, Evenki
Tungus, Ewenki
Mongolian, Mongolic
Khalkha, Khalka
Khalkha, Kalka
Yue, Cantonese
Min, Fukien
Min, Fukkianese
Min, Hokkianese
Min, Amoy
Min, Taiwanese
Qiang, Qiangic
Bai, Baic
Karen, Karenic
Lolo-Burmese, Burmese-Yi
Hani, Akha
Lolo, Yi
Kachin, Kachinic
Jinghpo, Jinghpaw
Jinghpo, Chingpo
Kuki, Chin
Kuki, Kuki-Chin
Bodo-Garo, Barish
Miri, Mirish
Miri, Abor
Miri, Dafla
Kadai, Kam-Tai
Thai, Siamese
Bouyei, Buyi
Austro-Asiatic, Munda-Mon-Khmer
Hmong, Miao
Vietnamese, Annamese
Vietnamese, Annamite
Malayo-Polynesian, Polynesian
Indonesian, Bahasa
Philippine, Filipino
Cebuan, Cebuano
Dyirbal, Jirrbal
Walbiri, Warlpiri
Tayalic, Atayalic
Khoikhoin, Khoikhoi
Khoikhoin, Hottentot
Indo-European, Indo-Hittite
Balto-Slavic, Balto-Slavonic
Slavic, Slavonic
Belarusian, Byelorussian
Serbo-Croat, Serbo-Croatian
Sorbian, Lusatian
Latvian, Lettish
Kentish, Jutish
Scottish, Scots
Afrikaans, Taal
Scandinavian, Nordic
Scandinavian, Norse
Bokmal, Bokmaal
Bokmal, Dano-Norwegian
Riksmal, Riksmaal
Nynorsk, Landsmal
Nynorsk, Landsmaal
Faroese, Faeroese
Finno-Ugric, Finno-Ugrian
Fennic, Finnic
Fennic, Non-Ugric
Udmurt, Votyak
Komi, Zyrian
Cheremis, Cheremiss
Cheremis, Mari
Mordva, Mordvin
Mordva, Mordvinian
Estonian, Esthonian
Karelian, Carelian
Finnish, Suomi
Veps, Vepse
Veps, Vepsian
Ugric, Ugrian
Hungarian, Magyar
Khanty, Ostyak
Mansi, Vogul
Lappic, Lappish
Lapp, Sami
Lapp, Saami
Lapp, Same
Lapp, Saame
Samoyedic, Samoyed
Nenets, Nentsi
Nenets, Nentsy
Nenets, Yurak-Samoyed
Enets, Entsi
Enets, Entsy
Enets, Yenisei
Enets, Yenisei-Samoyed
Enets, Yeniseian
Selkup, Ostyak-Samoyed
Gaelic, Goidelic
Gaelic, Erse
Brythonic, Brittanic
Welsh, Cymric
Anglo-French, Anglo-Norman
Provencal, Occitan
Judeo-Spanish, Ladino
Rhaeto-Romance, Rhaeto-Romanic
Friulian, Friuli
Romansh, Rumansh
Romanian, Rumanian
Elamitic, Elamite
Elamitic, Susian
Kassite, Cassite
Romany, Gypsy
Hindustani, Hindoostani
Hindustani, Hindostani
Assamese, Asamiya
Bengali, Bangla
Marathi, Mahratti
Gujarati, Gujerati
Punjabi, Panjabi
Sinhalese, Singhalese
Sinhalese, Sinhala
Indic, Indo-Aryan
Dard, Dardic
Avestan, Zend
Persian, Farsi
Tajiki, Tajik
Tajiki, Tadzhik
Balochi, Baluchi
Pahlavi, Pehlevi
Pashto, Pashtu
Pashto, Paxto
Pashto, Afghani
Pashto, Afghan
Luwian, Luvian
Greek, Hellenic
Romaic, Demotic
Attic, Ionic
Aeolic, Eolic
Abkhazian, Abkhasian
Dravidian, Dravidic
Kota, Kotar
Kannada, Kanarese
Hausa, Haussa
Bole, Bolanci
Ron, Bokkos
Ron, Daffo
Zaar, Sayanci
Tera, Pidlimdi
Tera, Yamaltu
Bura, Pabir
Higi, Kapsiki
Mandara, Wandala
Matakam, Mafa
Daba, Kola
Daba, Musgoi
Musgu, Munjuk
Musgu, Mulwi
Somrai, Sibine
Dangla, Dangaleat
Chad, Chadic
Afroasiatic, Afro-Asiatic
Afroasiatic, Afrasian
Afroasiatic, Hamito-Semitic
Mandaean, Mandean
Maltese, Malti
Kichaga, Chaga
Kichaga, Chagga
Luba, Tshiluba
Ndebele, Matabele
Sesotho, Basuto
Tswana, Setswana
Tswana, Sechuana
Gur, Voltaic
Fula, Ful
Fula, Fulani
Fula, Peul
Yoruba, Aku
artwork, art
artwork, graphics
figure, fig
electrocardiogram, cardiogram
electrocardiogram, EKG
electrocardiogram, ECG
electroencephalogram, encephalogram
electroencephalogram, EEG
electromyogram, EMG
dramaturgy, dramatics
dramaturgy, theater
dramaturgy, theatre
play, drama
snatch, bit
script, book
script, playscript
dialogue, dialog
prompt, prompting
spiel, patter
effusion, gush
effusion, outburst
effusion, blowup
effusion, ebullition
farce, travesty
seriocomedy, tragicomedy
revue, review
monophony, monody
polytonality, polytonalism
harmonization, harmonisation
reharmonization, reharmonisation
tune, melody
tune, air
tune, strain
tune, line
leitmotiv, leitmotif
theme, idea
obbligato, obligato
motif, motive
part, voice
accompaniment, backup
accompaniment, support
descant, discant
antiphon, antiphony
processional, prosodion
antiphonary, antiphonal
plainsong, plainchant
hymn, anthem
chorale, choral
paean, pean
realization, realisation
finale, coda
duet, duette
duet, duo
quartet, quartette
quintet, quintette
sextet, sextette
sextet, sestet
septet, septette
octet, octette
cantata, oratorio
divertimento, serenade
pastorale, pastoral
pastorale, idyll
pastorale, idyl
rondo, rondeau
medley, potpourri
medley, pastiche
nocturne, notturno
song, vocal
ballad, lay
barcarole, barcarolle
chantey, chanty
chantey, shanty
refrain, chorus
tra-la, tra-la-la
dirge, coronach
dirge, lament
dirge, requiem
dirge, threnody
lullaby, cradlesong
lullaby, berceuse
lyric, words
lyric, language
round, troll
prothalamion, prothalamium
shivaree, chivaree
shivaree, charivari
shivaree, callithump
shivaree, callathump
shivaree, belling
jig, gigue
pavane, pavan
rumba, rhumba
ragtime, rag
bop, bebop
boogie, boogie-woogie
rap, hip-hop
swing, jive
eloquence, fluency
eloquence, smoothness
formulation, expression
grandiosity, magniloquence
grandiosity, ornateness
grandiosity, grandiloquence
grandiosity, rhetoric
saltiness, coarseness
articulation, voice
archaism, archaicism
verbalization, verbalisation
verbalization, verbalisation
parlance, idiom
Anglicism, Briticism
Anglicism, Britishism
wording, diction
wording, phrasing
wording, phraseology
wording, verbiage
roundness, rotundity
barrage, bombardment
barrage, outpouring
barrage, onslaught
prosody, inflection
modulation, inflection
intonation, modulation
monotone, drone
monotone, droning
enjambment, enjambement
stress, emphasis
stress, accent
rhythm, beat
upbeat, offbeat
transition, modulation
bombast, fustian
bombast, rant
bombast, claptrap
bombast, blah
sensationalism, luridness
conciseness, concision
conciseness, pithiness
conciseness, succinctness
laconism, laconicism
verboseness, verbosity
verbiage, verbalism
prolixity, prolixness
prolixity, windiness
prolixity, long-windedness
prolixity, wordiness
circumlocution, periphrasis
circumlocution, ambage
turgidity, turgidness
turgidity, flatulence
repetitiveness, repetitiousness
poetry, poesy
poetry, verse
meter, metre
meter, measure
meter, beat
meter, cadence
iamb, iambus
anapest, anapaest
pyrrhic, dibrach
rhyme, rime
anacoluthia, anacoluthon
anadiplosis, reduplication
epiphora, epistrophe
epanaphora, anaphora
anastrophe, inversion
ecphonesis, exclamation
litotes, meiosis
paralepsis, paraleipsis
paralepsis, paralipsis
paralepsis, preterition
trope, figure
trope, image
hyperbole, exaggeration
personification, prosopopoeia
speech, language
utterance, vocalization
voice, vocalization
voice, vocalisation
voice, vocalism
voice, phonation
voice, vox
phone, sound
grade, gradation
schwa, shwa
semivowel, glide
plosion, explosion
nasalization, nasalisation
affricate, affricative
guttural, pharyngeal
cry, outcry
cry, call
cry, yell
cry, shout
cry, vociferation
cry, yell
bellow, bellowing
bellow, holla
bellow, holler
bellow, hollering
bellow, hollo
bellow, holloa
bellow, roar
bellow, roaring
bellow, yowl
clamor, clamoring
clamor, clamour
clamor, clamouring
scream, screaming
scream, shriek
scream, shrieking
scream, screech
scream, screeching
yelling, shouting
boo, hoot
boo, hiss
boo, raspberry
boo, razzing
boo, razz
boo, snort
boo, bird
obscenity, smut
obscenity, vulgarism
obscenity, filth
bawdry, bawdy
curse, expletive
curse, oath
curse, swearing
curse, swearword
curse, cuss
croak, croaking
exclamation, exclaiming
devil, deuce
devil, dickens
ejaculation, interjection
groan, moan
hem, ahem
howl, howling
howl, ululation
laugh, laughter
chortle, chuckle
hee-haw, horselaugh
hee-haw, ha-ha
hee-haw, haw-haw
snicker, snort
snicker, snigger
pronunciation, orthoepy
sibilation, assibilation
exultation, rejoicing
exultation, jubilation
sigh, suspiration
sputter, splutter
whisper, whispering
whisper, susurration
whisper, voicelessness
rasp, rasping
retroflection, retroflexion
enunciation, diction
syncope, syncopation
communion, sharing
chat, confab
chat, confabulation
chat, schmooze
chat, schmoose
chitchat, chit-chat
chitchat, gab
chitchat, gabfest
chitchat, gossip
chitchat, tittle-tattle
chitchat, chin-wag
chitchat, chin-wagging
chitchat, causerie
gossiping, gossipmongering
talk, talking
dialogue, dialog
dialogue, duologue
wind, malarkey
wind, malarky
wind, jazz
wind, nothingness
yak, yack
yak, yakety-yak
yak, chatter
yak, cackle
prate, prattle
prate, blether
discussion, treatment
discussion, discourse
expression, verbalism
congratulation, felicitation
discussion, give-and-take
discussion, word
argument, argumentation
argument, debate
consultation, audience
consultation, interview
postmortem, post-mortem
huddle, powwow
teleconference, teleconferencing
negotiation, dialogue
negotiation, talks
haggle, haggling
haggle, wrangle
haggle, wrangling
saying, expression
saying, locution
motto, slogan
motto, catchword
motto, shibboleth
maxim, axiom
aphorism, apothegm
aphorism, apophthegm
epigram, quip
proverb, adage
proverb, saw
proverb, byword
platitude, cliche
platitude, banality
platitude, commonplace
platitude, bromide
idiom, phrase
ruralism, rusticism
dialect, idiom
dialect, accent
slang, cant
slang, jargon
slang, lingo
slang, argot
slang, patois
slang, vernacular
spell, charm
incantation, conjuration
hex, jinx
hex, curse
hex, whammy
soliloquy, monologue
proposal, proposition
suggestion, proposition
suggestion, proffer
motion, question
hint, intimation
hint, breath
touch, trace
touch, ghost
overture, advance
overture, approach
overture, feeler
offer, offering
bid, tender
submission, entry
command, bid
command, bidding
command, dictation
commission, charge
commission, direction
clarification, elucidation
clarification, illumination
expansion, enlargement
expansion, elaboration
embellishment, embroidery
construction, twist
popularization, popularisation
misinterpretation, misunderstanding
misinterpretation, mistaking
misconstrual, misconstruction
assent, acquiescence
concession, conceding
concession, yielding
bye, pass
concurrence, concurrency
accord, conformity
accord, accordance
connivance, collusion
accession, assenting
ratification, confirmation
harmony, concord
harmony, concordance
second, secondment
second, endorsement
second, indorsement
confrontation, encounter
confrontation, showdown
confrontation, face-off
discord, dissension
division, variance
dispute, difference
dispute, conflict
argy-bargy, argle-bargle
controversy, contention
controversy, contestation
controversy, disputation
controversy, disceptation
controversy, tilt
controversy, argument
controversy, arguing
quarrel, wrangle
quarrel, row
quarrel, words
quarrel, run-in
quarrel, dustup
affray, altercation
affray, fracas
bicker, bickering
bicker, spat
bicker, tiff
bicker, squabble
bicker, pettifoggery
bicker, fuss
offer, offering
request, asking
notification, notice
bidding, summons
entreaty, prayer
entreaty, appeal
demagoguery, demagogy
supplication, plea
beggary, begging
beggary, mendicancy
importunity, urgency
importunity, urging
courtship, wooing
courtship, courting
courtship, suit
prayer, petition
prayer, orison
benediction, blessing
grace, blessing
grace, thanksgiving
invocation, supplication
charge, billing
insistence, insisting
call, claim
questioning, inquiring
question, inquiry
question, enquiry
question, query
question, interrogation
interrogation, examination
interrogation, interrogatory
question, interrogation
question, interrogative
examination, exam
examination, test
oral, viva
reply, response
rejoinder, retort
rejoinder, return
rejoinder, riposte
rejoinder, replication
rejoinder, comeback
rejoinder, counter
refutation, defense
refutation, defence
characterization, characterisation
portrayal, portraiture
portrayal, portrait
particularization, particularisation
particularization, detailing
sketch, vignette
affirmation, assertion
affirmation, statement
denial, disaffirmation
disavowal, disclaimer
retraction, abjuration
retraction, recantation
withdrawal, backdown
withdrawal, climb-down
repudiation, renunciation
disownment, disowning
rebuff, snub
rebuff, repulse
demur, demurral
demur, demurrer
gripe, kick
gripe, beef
gripe, bitch
gripe, squawk
protest, protestation
grumble, grumbling
grumble, murmur
grumble, murmuring
grumble, mutter
grumble, muttering
whimper, whine
lament, lamentation
lament, plaint
lament, wail
telling, apprisal
telling, notification
dismissal, dismission
disclosure, revelation
disclosure, revealing
divulgence, divulgement
informing, ratting
expose, unmasking
self-accusation, self-condemnation
presentation, introduction
presentation, intro
report, account
report, study
narration, recital
narration, yarn
narrative, narration
narrative, story
narrative, tale
relation, telling
relation, recounting
gossip, comment
gossip, scuttlebutt
rumor, rumour
rumor, hearsay
grapevine, pipeline
scandal, dirt
alert, alerting
caution, caveat
forewarning, premonition
parole, word
assurance, pledge
plight, troth
betrothal, troth
betrothal, engagement
boast, boasting
boast, self-praise
boast, jactitation
brag, bragging
brag, crow
brag, crowing
brag, vaporing
brag, line-shooting
brag, gasconade
braggadocio, bluster
braggadocio, rodomontade
braggadocio, rhodomontade
indication, denotation
dare, daring
gauntlet, gantlet
denunciation, denouncement
fulmination, diatribe
tirade, philippic
tirade, broadside
execration, condemnation
execration, curse
imprecation, malediction
accusation, accusal
recitation, recital
recitation, reading
lodgment, lodgement
finger-pointing, fingerpointing
incrimination, inculpation
incrimination, blame
insinuation, innuendo
address, speech
lecture, talk
debate, disputation
harangue, rant
harangue, ranting
valediction, valedictory
sermon, discourse
sermon, preaching
kerygma, kerugma
homily, preachment
persuasion, suasion
electioneering, canvassing
exhortation, incitement
suggestion, prompting
expostulation, remonstrance
expostulation, remonstration
expostulation, objection
weapon, artillery
promotion, publicity
promotion, packaging
endorsement, indorsement
endorsement, blurb
ballyhoo, hoopla
ballyhoo, hype
ballyhoo, plug
ad, advertisement
ad, advertizement
ad, advertising
ad, advertizing
ad, advert
infomercial, informercial
circular, handbill
circular, bill
circular, broadside
circular, broadsheet
circular, flier
circular, flyer
circular, throwaway
abetment, abettal
abetment, instigation
cheering, shouting
promotion, furtherance
promotion, advancement
fostering, fosterage
goad, goading
goad, prod
goad, prodding
goad, urging
goad, spur
goad, spurring
provocation, incitement
determent, deterrence
determent, intimidation
renunciation, renouncement
relinquishment, relinquishing
ban, banning
ban, forbiddance
ban, forbidding
clairvoyance, E.S.P.
clairvoyance, ESP
precognition, foreknowledge
telekinesis, psychokinesis
windsock, sock
windsock, air-sleeve
windsock, drogue
post, stake
reference, source
merestone, meerestone
merestone, mearstone
standard, criterion
standard, measure
standard, touchstone
target, mark
blinker, trafficator
rocket, skyrocket
blip, pip
readout, read-out
foghorn, fogsignal
crosier, crozier
scepter, sceptre
scepter, verge
scepter, wand
chevron, stripe
chevron, stripes
marker, marking
marker, mark
milestone, milepost
peg, pin
spot, pip
logo, logotype
tag, ticket
wave, waving
wave, wafture
bow, bowing
bow, obeisance
curtsy, curtsey
genuflection, genuflexion
kowtow, kotow
scrape, scraping
contact, touch
recall, callback
sprechgesang, sprechstimme
happening, occurrence
happening, occurrent
accompaniment, concomitant
accompaniment, attendant
accompaniment, co-occurrence
augury, sign
augury, foretoken
augury, preindication
omen, portent
omen, presage
omen, prognostic
omen, prognostication
omen, prodigy
flash, flashing
wonder, marvel
eventuality, contingency
eventuality, contingence
ending, conclusion
ending, finish
end, last
result, resultant
result, outcome
result, termination
consequence, aftermath
deserts, comeuppance
deserts, comeupance
offspring, materialization
offspring, materialisation
sequel, subsequence
wages, reward
wages, payoff
change, alteration
change, modification
bombshell, thunderbolt
bombshell, thunderclap
peripeteia, peripetia
peripeteia, peripety
shock, blow
accident, stroke
accident, fortuity
crash, wreck
collision, hit
bonfire, balefire
conflagration, inferno
smoulder, smolder
pity, shame
hell, blaze
calvary, martyrdom
scandal, outrage
explosion, detonation
explosion, blowup
case, instance
case, example
humiliation, mortification
piece, bit
time, clip
movement, motion
approach, approaching
passing, passage
deflection, deflexion
bending, bend
shrinking, shrinkage
compression, condensation
compression, contraction
constriction, coarctation
rupture, breach
rupture, break
rupture, severance
rupture, rift
mishap, misadventure
mishap, mischance
calamity, catastrophe
calamity, disaster
calamity, tragedy
calamity, cataclysm
coincidence, happenstance
smash, smash-up
slip, trip
downfall, ruin
downfall, ruination
miscarriage, abortion
miss, misfire
emergence, egress
emergence, issue
birth, nativity
birth, nascency
birth, nascence
reincarnation, rebirth
reincarnation, renascence
egress, emersion
ingress, immersion
makeup, make-up
materialization, materialisation
materialization, manifestation
origin, origination
origin, inception
genesis, generation
emergence, outgrowth
emergence, growth
onset, oncoming
dawn, morning
preliminary, overture
preliminary, prelude
emanation, rise
emanation, procession
etiology, aetiology
creation, conception
kickoff, send-off
kickoff, start-off
destiny, fate
kismet, kismat
annihilation, disintegration
eradication, obliteration
debilitation, enervation
debilitation, enfeeblement
debilitation, exhaustion
separation, breakup
separation, detachment
dispersion, scattering
extinction, extermination
passing, loss
passing, departure
passing, exit
passing, expiration
passing, going
passing, release
doom, doomsday
destruction, demolition
destruction, wipeout
ravage, depredation
razing, wrecking
ruin, ruination
devastation, desolation
wrack, rack
receding, fadeout
variation, fluctuation
engagement, mesh
engagement, meshing
engagement, interlocking
blow, bump
jolt, jar
jolt, jounce
jolt, shock
contact, impinging
contact, striking
wound, injury
cycle, oscillation
repeat, repetition
replay, rematch
recurrence, return
atavism, reversion
atavism, throwback
surf, breaker
surf, breakers
wake, backwash
ripple, rippling
ripple, riffle
ripple, wavelet
oscillation, vibration
wave, undulation
lift, rise
billow, surge
roller, roll
recoil, repercussion
recoil, rebound
recoil, backlash
bounce, bouncing
resilience, resiliency
recoil, kick
squeeze, wring
throw, stroke
turning, turn
twist, wrench
shipwreck, wreck
draw, standoff
draw, tie
omega, Z
Christianization, Christianisation
death, decease
death, expiry
decrease, lessening
decrease, drop-off
easing, moderation
easing, relief
improvement, betterment
improvement, advance
refinement, elaboration
leap, jump
leap, saltation
transformation, transmutation
transformation, shift
infection, contagion
infection, transmission
cessation, surcease
settling, subsiding
settling, subsidence
drop, fall
shower, cascade
submergence, submerging
submergence, submersion
submergence, immersion
flop, bust
flop, fizzle
turkey, bomb
turkey, dud
debacle, fiasco
stop, halt
stand, standstill
stand, tie-up
deviation, divergence
deviation, departure
deviation, difference
discrepancy, variance
discrepancy, variant
inflection, flection
inflection, flexion
malformation, miscreation
dislocation, disruption
interruption, break
suspension, respite
suspension, reprieve
suspension, hiatus
suspension, abatement
eclipse, occultation
adjustment, accommodation
adjustment, fitting
entrance, entering
climb, climbing
climb, mounting
elevation, lift
elevation, raising
heave, heaving
fuss, trouble
fuss, bother
fuss, hassle
headway, head
trial, tribulation
trial, visitation
fusion, merger
fusion, unification
combining, combine
mix, mixture
conglomeration, conglobation
upheaval, uplift
upheaval, upthrow
upheaval, upthrust
bang, clap
bang, eruption
bang, blast
bang, bam
beep, bleep
bell, toll
blare, blaring
blare, cacophony
blare, clamor
blare, din
boom, roar
boom, roaring
boom, thunder
buzz, bombilation
buzz, bombination
chatter, chattering
chatter, chattering
cheep, peep
chink, click
chink, clink
chirrup, twitter
clack, clap
clang, clangor
clang, clangour
clang, clangoring
clang, clank
clang, clash
clang, crash
clickety-clack, clickety-click
clip-clop, clippety-clop
clip-clop, clop
clip-clop, clopping
clip-clop, clunking
clip-clop, clumping
cluck, clucking
crack, cracking
crack, snap
crackle, crackling
crackle, crepitation
creak, creaking
drip, dripping
footfall, footstep
footfall, step
growl, growling
grunt, oink
hiss, hissing
hiss, hushing
hiss, fizzle
hiss, sibilation
hubbub, uproar
hubbub, brouhaha
hubbub, katzenjammer
hum, humming
jingle, jangle
knock, knocking
meow, mew
meow, miaou
meow, miaow
meow, miaul
mutter, muttering
mutter, murmur
mutter, murmuring
mutter, murmuration
mutter, mussitation
neigh, nicker
neigh, whicker
neigh, whinny
paradiddle, roll
pat, rap
pat, tap
peal, pealing
peal, roll
peal, rolling
pop, popping
rat-a-tat-tat, rat-a-tat
rat-a-tat-tat, rat-tat
rattle, rattling
rattle, rale
ring, ringing
ring, tintinnabulation
rub-a-dub, rataplan
rub-a-dub, drumbeat
rumble, rumbling
rumble, grumble
rumble, grumbling
rustle, rustling
rustle, whisper
rustle, whispering
scrape, scraping
scrape, scratch
scrape, scratching
screech, screeching
screech, shriek
screech, shrieking
screech, scream
screech, screaming
spatter, spattering
spatter, splatter
spatter, splattering
spatter, sputter
spatter, splutter
spatter, sputtering
splash, plash
susurration, susurrus
swoosh, whoosh
thump, thumping
thump, clump
thump, clunk
thump, thud
tick, ticking
ticktock, tocktact
ticktock, tictac
ting, tinkle
trample, trampling
whir, whirr
whir, whirring
whir, birr
whistle, whistling
yip, yelp
yip, yelping
pulse, pulsation
pulse, heartbeat
pulse, beat
throb, throbbing
throb, pounding
ebb, reflux
undertow, sea-puss
undertow, sea-purse
undertow, sea-poose
rip, riptide
rip, crosscurrent
rip, countercurrent
undertide, undercurrent
landslide, landslip
flow, flowing
backflow, backflowing
current, stream
freshet, spate
overflow, runoff
overflow, overspill
dripping, drippage
discharge, outpouring
discharge, run
flux, fluxion
backblast, back-blast
blowback, backfire
ricochet, carom
touch, touching
rap, strike
rap, tap
knock, bash
knock, bang
knock, smash
knock, belt
pounding, buffeting
slap, smack
deflection, deflexion
deflection, refraction
yaw, swerve
twinkle, scintillation
twinkle, sparkling
shimmer, play
flicker, spark
flicker, glint
gleam, gleaming
gleam, glimmer
glitter, sparkle
glitter, coruscation
jump, leap
runup, run-up
meeting, encounter
conjunction, alignment
conversion, transition
conversion, changeover
isomerization, isomerisation
juncture, occasion
emergency, exigency
emergency, pinch
landmark, watershed
pass, head
pass, straits
compaction, compression
compaction, concretion
compaction, densification
conservation, preservation
remission, remittal
remission, subsidence
curse, torment
detriment, hurt
damage, harm
damage, impairment
pulsation, pulsing
pulsation, pulse
pulsation, impulse
misfire, dud
turn, twist
complication, ramification
degeneration, retrogression
atrophy, withering
attenuation, fading
fall, downfall
perturbation, disturbance
earthquake, quake
earthquake, temblor
earthquake, seism
tremor, microseism
invasion, encroachment
invasion, intrusion
noise, interference
noise, disturbance
crosstalk, XT
static, atmospherics
seepage, ooze
seepage, oozing
exudation, transudation
drip, trickle
drip, dribble
eddy, twist
whirlpool, vortex
whirlpool, maelstrom
distortion, deformation
warp, warping
fertilization, fertilisation
fertilization, fecundation
fertilization, dressing
outburst, burst
outburst, flare-up
outbreak, eruption
outbreak, irruption
jet, squirt
jet, spurt
jet, spirt
escape, leak
escape, leakage
escape, outflow
fertilization, fertilisation
fertilization, fecundation
fertilization, impregnation
pollination, pollenation
cross-fertilization, cross-fertilisation
self-fertilization, self-fertilisation
flap, flapping
flap, flutter
flap, fluttering
flush, gush
flush, outpouring
rush, spate
rush, surge
rush, upsurge
rotation, revolution
rotation, gyration
whirl, commotion
English, side
run, ladder
run, ravel
relaxation, loosening
relaxation, slackening
substitution, permutation
substitution, transposition
substitution, replacement
substitution, switch
shift, displacement
progress, progression
progress, advance
rise, rising
rise, ascent
rise, ascension
spread, spreading
affair, occasion
affair, function
bash, do
bash, brawl
bunfight, bun-fight
ball, formal
cotillion, cotilion
promenade, prom
fete, feast
fete, fiesta
celebration, jubilation
ceremony, ceremonial
ceremony, observance
burial, entombment
burial, inhumation
burial, interment
burial, sepulture
wedding, nuptials
wedding, hymeneals
pageant, pageantry
commemoration, memorialization
commemoration, memorialisation
initiation, induction
initiation, installation
coronation, enthronement
coronation, enthronization
coronation, enthronisation
coronation, investiture
commencement, graduation
formality, formalities
contest, competition
preliminary, prelim
footrace, run
tournament, tourney
semifinal, semi
hurdles, hurdling
fall, pin
joust, tilt
victory, triumph
slam, sweep
runaway, blowout
runaway, romp
runaway, laugher
runaway, shoo-in
runaway, walkaway
defeat, licking
walk-in, waltz
reverse, reversal
reverse, setback
reverse, blow
shutout, skunk
thrashing, walloping
thrashing, debacle
thrashing, drubbing
thrashing, slaughter
thrashing, trouncing
thrashing, whipping
boom, bonanza
boom, gravy
boom, godsend
boom, windfall
boom, bunce
crash, collapse
faint, swoon
faint, syncope
faint, deliquium
soul, soulfulness
passion, passionateness
wildness, abandon
ardor, ardour
ardor, fervor
ardor, fervour
ardor, fervency
ardor, fire
ardor, fervidness
mawkishness, bathos
ambivalence, ambivalency
emotionlessness, impassivity
emotionlessness, impassiveness
emotionlessness, phlegm
emotionlessness, indifference
emotionlessness, stolidity
emotionlessness, unemotionality
languor, lassitude
languor, listlessness
ambition, aspiration
ambition, dream
appetite, appetency
appetite, appetence
wish, wishing
wish, want
longing, yearning
longing, hungriness
hankering, yen
sensuality, sensualness
sensuality, sensualism
amorousness, eroticism
amorousness, erotism
amorousness, sexiness
amorousness, amativeness
lecherousness, lust
lecherousness, lustfulness
prurience, pruriency
prurience, lasciviousness
prurience, carnality
prurience, lubricity
urge, itch
caprice, impulse
caprice, whim
pleasure, pleasance
delight, delectation
entrancement, ravishment
gusto, relish
gusto, zest
gusto, zestfulness
consolation, solace
consolation, solacement
relief, alleviation
relief, assuagement
algolagnia, algophilia
pain, painfulness
pang, stab
pang, twinge
suffering, hurt
agony, torment
agony, torture
discomfort, soreness
discomfort, irritation
distress, hurt
distress, suffering
anguish, torment
anguish, torture
self-torture, self-torment
fondness, fancy
fondness, partiality
captivation, enchantment
captivation, enthrallment
captivation, fascination
preference, penchant
preference, predilection
preference, taste
leaning, propensity
leaning, tendency
amicability, amicableness
favor, favour
admiration, esteem
worship, adoration
alienation, disaffection
alienation, estrangement
antipathy, aversion
antipathy, distaste
contempt, disdain
contempt, scorn
contempt, despite
abhorrence, abomination
abhorrence, detestation
abhorrence, execration
abhorrence, loathing
abhorrence, odium
repugnance, repulsion
repugnance, revulsion
repugnance, horror
gratefulness, thankfulness
gratefulness, appreciativeness
ingratitude, ungratefulness
solicitude, solicitousness
softheartedness, tenderness
distance, aloofness
withdrawal, detachment
heartlessness, coldheartedness
heartlessness, hardheartedness
cruelty, mercilessness
cruelty, pitilessness
cruelty, ruthlessness
self-disgust, self-hatred
self-consciousness, uneasiness
self-consciousness, uncomfortableness
shamefacedness, sheepishness
chagrin, humiliation
chagrin, mortification
confusion, discombobulation
abashment, bashfulness
discomfiture, discomposure
discomfiture, disconcertion
discomfiture, disconcertment
pride, pridefulness
self-esteem, self-pride
ego, egotism
ego, self-importance
humility, humbleness
meekness, submission
astonishment, amazement
wonder, wonderment
wonder, admiration
daze, shock
daze, stupor
anticipation, expectancy
gaiety, playfulness
gravity, solemnity
earnestness, seriousness
earnestness, sincerity
sensitivity, sensitiveness
insight, perceptiveness
insight, perceptivity
fidget, fidgetiness
fidget, restlessness
tumult, turmoil
placidity, placidness
coolness, imperturbability
coolness, imperturbableness
tranquillity, tranquility
tranquillity, quietness
tranquillity, quietude
peace, peacefulness
peace, repose
peace, serenity
peace, heartsease
peace, ataraxis
easiness, relaxation
languor, dreaminess
anger, choler
anger, ire
fury, rage
fury, madness
infuriation, enragement
umbrage, offense
umbrage, offence
indignation, outrage
dander, hackles
annoyance, chafe
annoyance, vexation
pique, temper
pique, irritation
aggravation, exasperation
harassment, torment
fear, fearfulness
fear, fright
alarm, dismay
alarm, consternation
frisson, shiver
frisson, chill
frisson, quiver
frisson, shudder
frisson, thrill
frisson, tingle
panic, terror
panic, affright
fear, reverence
fear, awe
fear, veneration
apprehension, apprehensiveness
apprehension, dread
foreboding, premonition
foreboding, presentiment
foreboding, boding
timidity, timidness
timidity, timorousness
diffidence, self-doubt
diffidence, self-distrust
hesitance, hesitancy
worry, trouble
concern, care
concern, fear
anxiousness, disquiet
edginess, uneasiness
edginess, inquietude
edginess, disquietude
scruple, qualm
scruple, misgiving
jitteriness, jumpiness
jitteriness, nervousness
jitteriness, restiveness
fearlessness, bravery
gladness, gladfulness
gladness, gladsomeness
joy, joyousness
joy, joyfulness
elation, lightness
exultation, jubilance
exultation, jubilancy
exultation, jubilation
exhilaration, excitement
bang, boot
bang, charge
bang, rush
bang, flush
bang, thrill
bang, kick
euphoria, euphory
gaiety, merriment
hilarity, mirth
hilarity, mirthfulness
hilarity, glee
hilarity, gleefulness
jocundity, jocularity
closeness, intimacy
cheerfulness, blitheness
buoyancy, perkiness
carefreeness, insouciance
carefreeness, lightheartedness
carefreeness, lightsomeness
complacency, complacence
complacency, self-complacency
complacency, self-satisfaction
fulfillment, fulfilment
gloat, gloating
gloat, glee
sadness, unhappiness
gloom, gloominess
gloom, somberness
gloom, sombreness
pensiveness, brooding
world-weariness, Weltschmerz
woe, woefulness
forlornness, loneliness
forlornness, desolation
weepiness, tearfulness
attrition, contrition
attrition, contriteness
grief, heartache
grief, heartbreak
grief, brokenheartedness
mournfulness, sorrowfulness
mournfulness, ruthfulness
dolor, dolour
sorrow, regret
sorrow, rue
sorrow, ruefulness
compunction, remorse
compunction, self-reproach
repentance, penitence
repentance, penance
cheerlessness, uncheerfulness
chill, pall
downheartedness, dejectedness
downheartedness, low-spiritedness
downheartedness, lowness
downheartedness, dispiritedness
demoralization, demoralisation
despondency, despondence
despondency, heartsickness
despondency, disconsolateness
oppression, oppressiveness
discontentment, discontent
discontentment, discontentedness
boredom, ennui
boredom, tedium
disappointment, letdown
frustration, defeat
sanguinity, sanguineness
resignation, surrender
discouragement, disheartenment
discouragement, dismay
ardor, ardour
amorousness, enamoredness
devotion, devotedness
affection, affectionateness
affection, fondness
affection, tenderness
affection, heart
affection, warmness
affection, warmheartedness
affection, philia
regard, respect
lovingness, caring
warmheartedness, warmth
hate, hatred
misogyny, misogynism
despisal, despising
hostility, enmity
animosity, animus
aggression, aggressiveness
belligerence, belligerency
resentment, bitterness
resentment, gall
resentment, rancor
resentment, rancour
sulkiness, huffishness
grudge, score
grudge, grievance
envy, enviousness
malevolence, malignity
malice, maliciousness
malice, spite
malice, spitefulness
malice, venom
vindictiveness, vengefulness
temper, mood
temper, humor
temper, humour
sulk, sulkiness
jollity, jolliness
jollity, joviality
moroseness, glumness
moroseness, sullenness
irascibility, spleen
irritability, crossness
irritability, fretfulness
irritability, fussiness
irritability, peevishness
irritability, petulance
irritability, choler
testiness, touchiness
testiness, tetchiness
kindheartedness, kind-heartedness
compassion, compassionateness
commiseration, pity
commiseration, ruth
commiseration, pathos
tenderness, tenderheartedness
mercifulness, mercy
eagerness, avidity
eagerness, avidness
eagerness, keenness
ardor, ardour
ardor, elan
ardor, zeal
comestible, edible
comestible, eatable
comestible, pabulum
comestible, victual
comestible, victuals
dainty, delicacy
dainty, goody
dainty, kickshaw
dainty, treat
chow, chuck
chow, eats
chow, grub
board, table
coloring, colouring
roughage, fiber
nutriment, nourishment
nutriment, nutrition
nutriment, sustenance
nutriment, aliment
nutriment, alimentation
nutriment, victuals
commissariat, provisions
commissariat, provender
commissariat, viands
commissariat, victuals
meal, repast
lunch, luncheon
lunch, tiffin
lunch, dejeuner
tea, teatime
barbecue, barbeque
bite, collation
bite, snack
banquet, feast
banquet, spread
helping, portion
helping, serving
taste, mouthful
morsel, bit
morsel, bite
swallow, sup
chew, chaw
chew, cud
chew, quid
chew, plug
chew, wad
roast, joint
appetizer, appetiser
appetizer, starter
borsch, borsh
borsch, borscht
borsch, borsht
borsch, borshch
borsch, bortsch
broth, stock
cock-a-leekie, cocky-leeky
potage, pottage
purloo, poilu
goulash, gulyas
lobscouse, lobscuse
lobscouse, scouse
takeout, takeaway
savory, savoury
sweet, confection
candy, confect
carob, Saint-John's-bread
brittle, toffee
brittle, toffy
center, centre
jimmies, sprinkles
penuche, penoche
penuche, panoche
penuche, panocha
licorice, liquorice
lollipop, sucker
marzipan, marchpane
dessert, sweet
dessert, afters
ambrosia, nectar
pudding, pud
syllabub, sillabub
jello, Jell-O
ice, frappe
sherbert, sherbet
frosting, icing
frosting, ice
zabaglione, sabayon
dowdy, pandowdy
pirogi, piroshki
pirogi, pirozhki
jumble, jumbal
cookie, cooky
cookie, biscuit
gingersnap, snap
doughnut, donut
doughnut, sinker
cruller, twister
pancake, battercake
pancake, flannel-cake
pancake, flapcake
pancake, flapjack
pancake, griddlecake
pancake, hotcake
blini, bliny
blintz, blintze
crape, crepe
conserve, preserve
conserve, conserves
conserve, preserves
gelatin, jelly
bird, fowl
chicken, poulet
chicken, volaille
fryer, frier
fryer, pullet
squab, dove
giblet, giblets
sweetbread, sweetbreads
barbecue, barbeque
biryani, biriani
piece, slice
cutlet, scallop
cutlet, scollop
cutlet, escallop
fillet, filet
tenderloin, undercut
fillet, filet
beef, boeuf
patty, cake
jerky, jerk
pemmican, pemican
veal, veau
horsemeat, horseflesh
rabbit, hare
mouton, mutton
pork, porc
ham, jambon
ham, gammon
chitterlings, chitlins
chitterlings, chitlings
margarine, margarin
margarine, oleo
margarine, oleomargarine
margarine, marge
frank, frankfurter
frank, hotdog
frank, dog
frank, wiener
frank, wienerwurst
frank, weenie
knackwurst, knockwurst
bratwurst, brat
stuffing, dressing
forcemeat, farce
bread, breadstuff
breadstick, bread-stick
bun, roll
challah, hallah
chapatti, chapati
matzo, matzoh
matzo, matzah
nan, naan
baguet, baguette
cornpone, pone
zwieback, rusk
muffin, gem
bialy, bialystoker
bagel, beigel
hamburger, beefburger
hamburger, burger
bomber, grinder
bomber, hero
bomber, hoagie
bomber, hoagy
bomber, sub
bomber, submarine
bomber, torpedo
bomber, wedge
bomber, zep
linguine, linguini
fettuccine, fettuccini
lasagna, lasagne
ravioli, cappelletti
dumpling, dumplings
congee, jook
vegetable, veggie
vegetable, veg
greens, green
potato, murphy
potato, spud
potato, tater
chip, crisp
eggplant, aubergine
pieplant, rhubarb
cabbage, chou
kale, kail
kale, cole
zucchini, courgette
cucumber, cuke
beet, beetroot
pimento, pimiento
chili, chilli
chili, chilly
chili, chile
cos, romaine
chickpea, garbanzo
flageolet, haricot
soy, soybean
soy, soya
gumbo, okra
lamb's-quarter, pigweed
rutabaga, swede
taro, cocoyam
taro, dasheen
taro, edda
truffle, earthnut
peanut, earthnut
peanut, goober
peanut, groundnut
cling, clingstone
peel, skin
bilberry, whortleberry
wintergreen, boxberry
wintergreen, checkerberry
wintergreen, teaberry
wintergreen, spiceberry
lingonberry, cowberry
saskatoon, serviceberry
saskatoon, shadberry
saskatoon, juneberry
lanseh, lansa
lanseh, lansat
lanseh, lanset
sugarberry, hackberry
ceriman, monstera
tangelo, ugli
pomelo, shaddock
pineapple, ananas
jackfruit, jak
jackfruit, jack
canistel, eggfruit
cantaloup, cantaloupe
muscat, muscatel
cherimoya, cherimolla
soursop, guanabana
sweetsop, annon
papaw, pawpaw
ketembilla, kitembilla
ketembilla, kitambilla
ackee, akee
sapodilla, sapota
sapote, mammee
tamarind, tamarindo
avocado, aguacate
litchi, litchee
litchi, lichi
litchi, leechee
litchi, lichee
litchi, lychee
mamey, mammee
quandong, quandang
quandong, quantong
rambutan, rambotan
pulasan, pulassan
chincapin, chinkapin
chincapin, chinquapin
hazelnut, filbert
hazelnut, cobnut
hazelnut, cob
coconut, cocoanut
dolphinfish, mahimahi
catfish, mudcat
tuna, tunny
squid, calamari
squid, calamary
blowfish, puffer
blowfish, pufferfish
escargot, snail
periwinkle, winkle
huitre, oyster
quahaug, quahog
crab, crabmeat
crayfish, crawfish
crayfish, crawdad
crayfish, ecrevisse
cod, codfish
pollack, pollock
schrod, scrod
porgy, scup
redfish, rosefish
sardine, pilchard
prawn, shrimp
scallop, scollop
scallop, escallop
sprat, brisling
caviar, caviare
feed, provender
eatage, forage
eatage, pasture
eatage, pasturage
eatage, grass
silage, ensilage
grain, cereal
barley, barleycorn
bulgur, bulghur
slop, slops
slop, swill
slop, pigswill
slop, pigwash
petfood, pet-food
coleslaw, slaw
tabbouleh, tabooli
ingredient, fixings
flavorer, flavourer
flavorer, flavoring
flavorer, flavouring
flavorer, seasoner
flavorer, seasoning
ginger, gingerroot
pepper, peppercorn
coriander, cilantro
fennel, finocchio
garlic, ail
marjoram, oregano
savory, savoury
tarragon, estragon
catsup, ketchup
catsup, cetchup
cardamom, cardamon
cardamom, cardamum
anise, aniseed
vinegar, acetum
ravigote, ravigotte
mayonnaise, mayo
demiglace, demi-glaze
egg, eggs
omelet, omelette
yogurt, yoghurt
yogurt, yoghourt
Emmenthal, Emmental
Emmenthal, Emmenthaler
Emmenthal, Emmentaler
spread, paste
hummus, humus
hummus, hommos
hummus, hoummos
hummus, humous
sweetening, sweetener
syrup, sirup
sop, sops
falafel, felafel
fondue, fondu
fondue, fondu
kabob, kebab
souvlaki, souvlakia
lasagna, lasagne
lutefisk, lutfisk
pilaf, pilaff
pilaf, pilau
pilaf, pilaw
oatmeal, burgoo
rijsttaffel, rijstaffel
rijsttaffel, rijstafel
scallopine, scallopini
beverage, drink
beverage, drinkable
beverage, potable
concoction, mixture
concoction, intermixture
mix, premix
philter, philtre
philter, love-potion
philter, love-philter
philter, love-philtre
draft, draught
draft, potation
draft, tipple
pledge, toast
alcohol, intoxicant
alcohol, inebriant
hooch, hootch
kava, kavakava
brew, brewage
Oktoberfest, Octoberfest
Pilsner, Pilsener
sake, saki
wine, vino
champagne, bubbly
macon, maconnais
Sauterne, Sauternes
muscat, muscatel
muscat, muscadel
muscat, muscadelle
liquor, spirits
liquor, booze
moonshine, bootleg
aquavit, akvavit
arrack, arak
geneva, Hollands
schnapps, schnaps
whiskey, whisky
liqueur, cordial
absinth, absinthe
curacao, curacoa
ratafia, ratafee
shandygaff, shandy
syllabub, sillabub
sangaree, sangria
zombie, zombi
cider, cyder
cocoa, chocolate
milkshake, shake
koumiss, kumis
malted, malt
pop, soda
pop, tonic
cola, dope
coffee, java
cuppa, cupper
congou, congo
souchong, soochong
perishable, spoilable
ramekin, ramequin
rugulah, rugelach
rugulah, ruggelach
mold, mould
classification, categorization
classification, categorisation
dichotomy, duality
clone, clon
aged, elderly
young, youth
timid, cautious
defeated, discomfited
disabled, handicapped
doomed, lost
episcopacy, episcopate
estivation, aestivation
folk, folks
initiate, enlightened
wounded, maimed
collection, aggregation
collection, accumulation
collection, assemblage
bunch, lot
bunch, caboodle
hand, deal
sum, summation
bunch, clump
bunch, cluster
bunch, clustering
tuft, tussock
ball, clod
ball, glob
ball, lump
ball, clump
ball, chunk
pile, heap
pile, mound
pile, agglomerate
pile, cumulation
pile, cumulus
dunghill, midden
dunghill, muckheap
dunghill, muckhill
haystack, hayrick
haystack, rick
world, domain
color, colour
kin, kindred
kin, clan
kin, tribe
mishpocha, mishpachah
family, folk
family, kinfolk
family, kinsfolk
family, sept
family, phratry
name, gens
patriarchy, patriarchate
matriarchy, matriarchate
class, stratum
gathering, assemblage
pair, brace
couple, twosome
couple, duo
couple, duet
trio, threesome
trio, triad
trio, trinity
trio, triad
trio, triplet
trio, triple
triplicity, trigon
quartet, quartette
quartet, foursome
quintet, quintette
quintet, fivesome
sextet, sextette
sextet, sixsome
septet, septette
septet, sevensome
octet, octette
octet, eightsome
quartet, quartette
quartet, quadruplet
quartet, quadruple
quintet, quintette
quintet, quintuplet
quintet, quintuple
sextet, sextette
sextet, sestet
septet, septette
octet, octette
couple, mates
couple, match
flock, fold
congregation, fold
congregation, faithful
biota, biology
fauna, zoology
school, shoal
swarm, cloud
infestation, plague
class, category
class, family
union, sum
union, join
intersection, product
image, range
solution, root
package, bundle
package, packet
package, parcel
organization, organisation
al-Fatah, Fatah
al-Fatah, al-Asifa
al-Qaeda, Qaeda
al-Qaeda, al-Qa'ida
al-Qaeda, al-Qaida
al-Qaeda, Base
Harkat-ul-Jihad-e-Islami, HUJI
Harkat-ul-Mujahidin, HUM
Harkat-ul-Mujahidin, HUA
Hizballah, Hezbollah
Hizballah, Hizbollah
Hizballah, Hizbullah
Jaish-i-Mohammed, Jaish-e-Muhammad
Jaish-i-Mohammed, JEM
Lashkar-e-Taiba, Lashkar-e-Toiba
Lashkar-e-Taiba, Lashkar-e-Tayyiba
Lashkar-e-Taiba, LET
Markaz-ud-Dawa-wal-Irshad, MDI
quango, quasi-NGO
government, authorities
government, regime
papacy, pontificate
institution, establishment
conglomerate, empire
corporation, corp
firm, house
franchise, dealership
manufacturer, maker
business, concern
newspaper, paper
defense, defence
defense, defence
armorer, armourer
filmdom, screenland
filmdom, screen
brotherhood, fraternity
brotherhood, sodality
family, household
family, house
family, home
family, menage
offense, offence
defense, defence
religion, faith
Christendom, Christianity
Albigenses, Cathars
Albigenses, Cathari
Judaism, Hebraism
Hasidim, Hassidim
Hasidim, Hasidism
Hasidim, Chasidim
Hasidim, Chassidim
Islam, Muslimism
Shiah, Shia
Hinduism, Hindooism
Brahmanism, Brahminism
Shivaism, Sivaism
Shaktism, Saktism
Vaishnavism, Vaisnavism
vicariate, vicarship
breed, strain
breed, stock
lineage, line
lineage, descent
lineage, bloodline
lineage, blood
lineage, pedigree
lineage, ancestry
lineage, origin
lineage, parentage
lineage, stemma
lineage, stock
subspecies, race
form, variant
form, strain
form, var.
civilization, civilisation
prelacy, prelature
department, section
Waldenses, Vaudois
obeah, obi
laity, temporalty
Habsburg, Hapsburg
Qin, Ch'in
Qing, Ch'ing
Qing, Manchu
Romanov, Romanoff
Sung, Song
Umayyad, Ommiad
Umayyad, Omayyad
citizenry, people
Achaean, Arcado-Cyprians
legislature, law-makers
administration, governance
administration, establishment
administration, brass
administration, organization
administration, organisation
judiciary, bench
judiciary, judicature
judiciary, judicatory
nation, land
nation, country
state, nation
state, country
state, land
state, commonwealth
bloc, axis
populace, public
populace, world
multitude, masses
multitude, mass
multitude, people
labor, labour
labor, proletariat
commonalty, commonality
commonalty, commons
multitude, throng
multitude, concourse
horde, host
horde, legion
ruck, herd
crush, jam
crush, press
host, legion
drove, horde
drove, swarm
mob, rabble
mob, rout
company, troupe
choir, consort
armor, armour
mujahidin, mujahedin
mujahidin, mujahedeen
mujahidin, mujahadeen
mujahidin, mujahadin
mujahidin, mujahideen
mujahidin, mujahadein
force, personnel
team, squad
police, constabulary
police, law
gendarmerie, gendarmery
Mutawa'een, Mutawa
Schutzstaffel, SS
SA, Sturmabteilung
vanguard, van
following, followers
Ummah, Umma
neighborhood, neighbourhood
city, metropolis
town, townspeople
town, townsfolk
village, settlement
hamlet, crossroads
club, society
club, guild
club, gild
club, lodge
club, order
family, fellowship
athenaeum, atheneum
fraternity, frat
league, conference
union, brotherhood
Freemasonry, Masonry
consortium, pool
consortium, syndicate
trust, combine
trust, cartel
class, form
class, grade
class, course
class, year
class, division
set, circle
set, band
set, lot
clique, coterie
clique, ingroup
clique, pack
clique, camp
cabal, faction
cabal, junto
cabal, camarilla
core, nucleus
gang, crew
gang, pack
gang, ring
gang, mob
mafia, maffia
Mafia, Maffia
Mafia, Maffia
syndicate, mob
syndicate, family
duet, duette
duet, duo
quartet, quartette
quintet, quintette
sextet, sextette
sextet, sestet
septet, septette
octet, octette
conspiracy, confederacy
faction, sect
shindig, shindy
masquerade, masque
masquerade, mask
banquet, feast
sociable, social
sociable, mixer
Kuomintang, Guomindang
party, company
crowd, crew
crowd, gang
crowd, bunch
troop, flock
academia, academe
yeshiva, yeshivah
madrasa, madrasah
pesantran, pesantren
staff, faculty
culture, civilization
culture, civilisation
Rastafari, Rastas
alliance, coalition
alliance, alignment
alliance, alinement
nonalignment, nonalinement
confederation, confederacy
confederation, federation
brahman, brahmin
sudra, shudra
panchayat, panchayet
panchayat, punchayet
divan, diwan
Knesset, Knesseth
secretariat, secretariate
committee, commission
presidium, praesidium
court, tribunal
court, judicature
repertoire, repertory
repertory, repertoire
agency, bureau
agency, office
agency, authority
Capital, Washington
cell, cadre
underground, resistance
autocracy, autarchy
democracy, republic
democracy, commonwealth
diarchy, dyarchy
gynecocracy, gynarchy
mobocracy, ochlocracy
Nazism, Naziism
Bolshevism, collectivism
Bolshevism, sovietism
descendants, posterity
coevals, contemporaries
coevals, generation
rockers, bikers
skinheads, bootboys
tribe, folk
colony, settlement
chain, concatenation
course, line
ulema, ulama
segregation, separatism
leadership, leaders
date, appointment
date, engagement
tryst, rendezvous
chosen, elect
cream, pick
gentry, aristocracy
intelligentsia, clerisy
nobility, aristocracy
peerage, baronage
infantry, foot
militia, reserves
cavalry, horse
assortment, mixture
assortment, miscellany
assortment, miscellanea
assortment, variety
assortment, salmagundi
assortment, smorgasbord
assortment, potpourri
assortment, motley
batch, clutch
schmeer, schmear
schmeer, shmear
membership, rank
branch, subdivision
branch, arm
clientele, patronage
clientele, business
rabble, riffraff
rabble, ragtag
trash, scum
deputation, commission
deputation, delegation
deputation, delegacy
deputation, mission
contingent, detail
sisterhood, sistership
exhibition, exposition
exhibition, expo
peepshow, raree-show
panel, venire
jury, panel
seance, sitting
seance, session
aggregate, congeries
aggregate, conglomeration
caravan, train
callithump, callathump
cortege, retinue
cortege, suite
cortege, entourage
recession, recessional
network, web
system, scheme
craft, trade
vegetation, flora
vegetation, botany
brush, brushwood
brush, coppice
brush, copse
brush, thicket
scrub, chaparral
scrub, bush
forest, wood
forest, woods
underbrush, undergrowth
underbrush, underwood
dictatorship, absolutism
dictatorship, authoritarianism
dictatorship, Caesarism
dictatorship, despotism
dictatorship, monocracy
dictatorship, shogunate
dictatorship, Stalinism
dictatorship, totalitarianism
dictatorship, tyranny
law, jurisprudence
shariah, sharia
hudud, hudood
bureaucracy, bureaucratism
ordering, order
ordering, ordination
rash, blizzard
string, train
streak, run
stream, flow
stream, current
data, information
mail, post
troponymy, troponomy
movement, front
avant-garde, vanguard
avant-garde, van
dada, dadaism
minimalism, reductivism
naturalism, realism
secession, sezession
ecumenism, oecumenism
Lubavitch, Chabad-Lubavitch
Lubavitch, Chabad
Taliban, Taleban
womanhood, woman
Zhou, Chou
Zhou, Chow
registration, enrollment
grey, gray
flank, wing
Berbers, Arab-Berbers
Hebrews, Israelites
Mbundu, Ovimbundu
Pathan, Pashtun
Tajik, Tadzhik
Abkhaz, Abkhas
Inca, Inka
Quechua, Kechua
base, home
aerie, aery
aerie, eyrie
aerie, eyry
territory, soil
Andalusia, Andalucia
ambiance, ambience
aposelene, apolune
area, country
atmosphere, air
colony, dependency
backwoods, boondocks
backwoods, hinterland
barren, waste
barren, wasteland
heath, heathland
battlefield, battleground
battlefield, field
beat, round
beginning, origin
beginning, root
beginning, rootage
beginning, source
fountainhead, headspring
fountainhead, head
wellhead, wellspring
fatherland, homeland
fatherland, motherland
birthplace, cradle
birthplace, provenance
birthplace, provenience
side, face
bottom, underside
bottom, undersurface
boundary, bound
boundary, bounds
bourn, bourne
borderland, march
borderland, marchland
place, property
center, centre
circumference, circuit
balk, baulk
balkline, baulk-line
cabstand, taxistand
campsite, campground
campsite, bivouac
campsite, encampment
Caucasia, Caucasus
cemetery, graveyard
cemetery, necropolis
center, centre
center, midpoint
trichion, crinion
center, centre
center, middle
center, heart
center, eye
city, metropolis
environs, purlieu
conurbation, sprawl
clearing, glade
confluence, meeting
country, state
country, land
dig, excavation
diocese, bishopric
diocese, episcopate
eparchy, exarchate
field, theater
field, theatre
district, territory
district, dominion
suburb, suburbia
domain, demesne
domain, land
duchy, dukedom
empire, imperium
kingdom, realm
principality, princedom
sheikdom, sheikhdom
residence, abode
home, place
dump, wasteyard
dump, waste-yard
dump, dumpsite
earshot, earreach
earshot, hearing
view, eyeshot
Earth, earth
East, Orient
Eden, paradise
Eden, nirvana
Eden, heaven
Eden, Shangri-la
edge, border
end, terminal
environment, environs
environment, surroundings
environment, surround
finish, destination
finish, goal
setting, scene
hayfield, meadow
firebreak, fireguard
forefront, head
front, forepart
battlefront, front
epicenter, epicentre
greenbelt, greenway
half-mast, half-staff
haunt, hangout
haunt, resort
haunt, repair
hearth, fireside
hell, hellhole
hell, inferno
hideout, hideaway
hideout, den
high, heights
hilltop, brow
horizon, skyline
reservation, reserve
inside, interior
inside, interior
midst, thick
irredenta, irridenta
isogram, isopleth
isogram, isarithm
key, paint
lair, den
lee, leeward
limit, demarcation
latitude, parallel
littoral, litoral
littoral, sands
Maghreb, Mahgrib
mandate, mandatory
outline, lineation
outside, exterior
outside, exterior
outdoors, out-of-doors
outdoors, open
outstation, outpost
park, parkland
park, commons
park, common
park, green
pasture, pastureland
pasture, lea
pasture, ley
path, route
path, itinerary
peak, crown
peak, crest
peak, top
peak, tip
peak, summit
periselene, perilune
plaza, place
plaza, piazza
position, place
site, situation
post, station
back, rear
quadrant, quarter-circle
kasbah, casbah
range, reach
rear, backside
region, part
open, clear
declination, dec
seaport, haven
seaport, harbor
seaport, harbour
mooring, moorage
mooring, berth
mooring, slip
roads, roadstead
vicinity, locality
vicinity, neighborhood
vicinity, neighbourhood
presence, front
safety, refuge
harborage, harbourage
savanna, savannah
darkness, dark
darkness, shadow
seat, place
vacuum, vacuity
start, scratch
state, province
substrate, substratum
superstrate, superstratum
seam, bed
substrate, substratum
top, upside
pool, puddle
township, town
village, hamlet
kampong, campong
tract, parcel
subtropics, semitropics
plot, patch
veld, veldt
venue, locale
venue, locus
vertex, peak
vertex, apex
vertex, acme
watershed, divide
direction, way
bearing, heading
bearing, aim
course, trend
tendency, trend
West, Occident
wilderness, wild
Aries, Ram
Taurus, Bull
Gemini, Twins
Cancer, Crab
Leo, Lion
Virgo, Virgin
Libra, Balance
Scorpio, Scorpion
Sagittarius, Archer
Capricorn, Goat
Pisces, Fish
bridgehead, foothold
outskirt, fringe
Kandahar, Qandahar
Durres, Durazzo
Algeria, Algerie
Bermuda, Bermudas
Cordoba, Cordova
Sofia, Serdica
Dobrich, Tolbukhin
Plovdiv, Philippopolis
Myanmar, Burma
Yangon, Rangoon
Moulmein, Mawlamyine
Bujumbura, Usumbura
Cambodia, Kampuchea
Cameroon, Cameroun
Chad, Tchad
N'Djamena, Ndjamena
N'Djamena, Fort-Lamy
China, PRC
China, Cathay
Turkistan, Turkestan
Beijing, Peking
Beijing, Peiping
Chongqing, Chungking
Guangdong, Kwangtung
Guangzhou, Kuangchou
Guangzhou, Kwangchow
Guangzhou, Canton
Gansu, Kansu
Hebei, Hopei
Hebei, Hopeh
Szechwan, Sichuan
Szechwan, Szechuan
Lanzhou, Lanchou
Lanzhou, Lanchow
Luda, Luta
Dalian, Talien
Dalian, Dairen
Luoyang, Loyang
Hangzhou, Hangchow
Nanchang, Nan-chang
Nanning, Nan-ning
Nanjing, Nanking
Shenyang, Mukden
Shenyang, Moukden
Shenyang, Fengtien
Tianjin, Tientsin
Tianjin, T'ien-ching
Xian, Sian
Xian, Singan
Xian, Changan
Xian, Hsian
Xinjiang, Sinkiang
Taiwan, Formosa
Taiwan, China
Taipei, Taipeh
Macao, Macau
Congo, Zaire
Kananga, Luluabourg
Kinshasa, Leopoldville
Lubumbashi, Elisabethville
Colon, Aspinwall
Hispaniola, Haiti
Hispaniola, Hayti
Pilsen, Plzen
Prague, Praha
Prague, Prag
Brno, Brunn
Bratislava, Pressburg
Bratislava, Pozsony
Benin, Dahomey
Jutland, Jylland
Denmark, Danmark
Zealand, Seeland
Zealand, Sjaelland
Copenhagen, Kobenhavn
Arhus, Aarhus
Aalborg, Alborg
Norway, Norge
Norway, Noreg
Spitsbergen, Spitzbergen
Oslo, Christiania
Trondheim, Nidaros
Lindesnes, Naze
Sweden, Sverige
Goteborg, Goeteborg
Goteborg, Gothenburg
Uppsala, Upsala
Germany, Deutschland
Germany, FRG
Saxony, Sachsen
Saxony, Saxe
Aachen, Aken
Aachen, Aix-la-Chapelle
Chemnitz, Karl-Marx-Stadt
Hameln, Hamelin
Cologne, Koln
Braunschweig, Brunswick
Halle, Halle-an-der-Saale
Hannover, Hanover
Munich, Muenchen
Nuremberg, Nurnberg
Wurzburg, Wuerzburg
Rhineland, Rheinland
Palatinate, Pfalz
Prussia, Preussen
Asmara, Asmera
Ethiopia, Yaltopya
Ethiopia, Abyssinia
Finland, Suomi
Helsinki, Helsingfors
Tampere, Tammerfors
Mariehamn, Maarianhamina
Greece, Ellas
Aegina, Aigina
Chios, Khios
Cyclades, Kikladhes
Dodecanese, Dhodhekanisos
Lesbos, Lesvos
Lesbos, Mytilene
Rhodes, Rodhos
Aeolis, Aeolia
Crete, Kriti
Knossos, Cnossos
Knossos, Cnossus
Ithaca, Ithaki
Athens, Athinai
Corinth, Korinthos
Patras, Patrai
Troy, Ilion
Troy, Ilium
Thessaloniki, Salonika
Thessaloniki, Salonica
Thessaloniki, Thessalonica
Stagira, Stagirus
Thessalia, Thessaly
Peloponnese, Peloponnesus
Lemnos, Limnos
Israel, Yisrael
Israel, Zion
Israel, Sion
Acre, Akko
Acre, Akka
Acre, Accho
Bethlehem, Bethlehem-Judah
Gomorrah, Gomorrha
Calvary, Golgotha
Zion, Sion
Hefa, Haifa
Jaffa, Joppa
Jaffa, Yafo
Palestine, Canaan
Judah, Juda
Judea, Judaea
Ticino, Tessin
Italy, Italia
Aquila, L'Aquila
Basilicata, Lucania
Naples, Napoli
Latium, Lazio
Rome, Roma
Tivoli, Tibur
Genoa, Genova
Lombardy, Lombardia
Milan, Milano
Marche, Marches
Piedmont, Piemonte
Syracuse, Siracusa
Turin, Torino
Puglia, Apulia
Sardinia, Sardegna
Sardinia, Sardegna
Sicily, Sicilia
Sicily, Sicilia
Agrigento, Acragas
Tuscany, Toscana
Firenze, Florence
Trento, Trent
Veneto, Venezia-Euganea
Veneto, Venetia
Padua, Padova
Padua, Patavium
Venice, Venezia
Romania, Roumania
Romania, Rumania
Bucharest, Bucharesti
Bucharest, Bucuresti
Rwanda, Ruanda
Croatia, Hrvatska
Serbia, Srbija
Belgrade, Beograd
Slovenia, Slovenija
Dubrovnik, Ragusa
Greenland, Gronland
Oceania, Oceanica
Micronesia, TT
Guam, GU
Tarawa, Bairiki
Borneo, Kalimantan
Austria, Oesterreich
Tyrol, Tirol
Linz, Lentia
Bahrain, Bahrein
Bahrain, Bahrein
Dhaka, Dacca
Belgium, Belgique
Bruxelles, Brussels
Antwerpen, Antwerp
Antwerpen, Anvers
Gent, Gand
Gent, Ghent
Liege, Luik
Brazil, Brasil
Belem, Para
Recife, Pernambuco
Ireland, Hibernia
Birmingham, Brummagem
Newcastle, Newcastle-upon-Tyne
Portsmouth, Pompey
Stratford-on-Avon, Stratford-upon-Avon
Devon, Devonshire
Leicestershire, Leicester
Ireland, Eire
Wales, Cymru
Wales, Cambria
Anglesey, Anglesea
Anglesey, Mona
Aswan, Assuan
Aswan, Assouan
Giza, Gizeh
Luxor, El-Aksur
Saqqara, Saqqarah
Saqqara, Sakkara
India, Bharat
Karnataka, Mysore
Kanara, Canara
Jabalpur, Jubbulpore
Kolkata, Calcutta
Mumbai, Bombay
Chennai, Madras
Gujarat, Gujerat
Gujarat, Gujerat
Kathmandu, Katmandu
Tibet, Thibet
Tibet, Xizang
Tibet, Sitsang
Lhasa, Lassa
Celebes, Sulawesi
Jakarta, Djakarta
Semarang, Samarang
Iran, Persia
Teheran, Tehran
Mashhad, Meshed
Isfahan, Esfahan
Isfahan, Aspadana
Rasht, Resht
Urmia, Orumiyeh
Elam, Susiana
Iraq, Al-Iraq
Iraq, Irak
Baghdad, Bagdad
Basra, Basia
Kerbala, Karbala
Kerbala, Kerbela
Macedon, Macedonia
Macedon, Makedonija
Edirne, Adrianople
Edirne, Adrianopolis
Babylonia, Chaldaea
Babylonia, Chaldea
Chaldea, Chaldaea
Assur, Asur
Assur, Ashur
Phoenicia, Phenicia
Hokkaido, Ezo
Hokkaido, Yezo
Honshu, Hondo
Japan, Nippon
Japan, Nihon
Tokyo, Tokio
Tokyo, Yeddo
Tokyo, Yedo
Tokyo, Edo
Kuwait, Koweit
Kuwait, Koweit
Gaul, Gallia
Clichy, Clichy-la-Garenne
Dunkirk, Dunkerque
Lyon, Lyons
Marseille, Marseilles
Rheims, Reims
Strasbourg, Strassburg
Alsace, Alsatia
Alsace, Elsass
Aquitaine, Aquitania
Basse-Normandie, Lower-Normandy
Bourgogne, Burgundy
Bretagne, Brittany
Bretagne, Breiz
Champagne, Champagne-Ardenne
Corse, Corsica
Corse, Corsica
Gascogne, Gascony
Haute-Normandie, Upper-Normandy
Lorraine, Lothringen
Picardie, Picardy
Poitou-Charentes, Poitou
Normandie, Normandy
Gabon, Gabun
Conakry, Konakri
Guinea-Bissau, Guine-Bissau
Georgetown, Stabroek
Netherlands, Nederland
Netherlands, Holland
Leiden, Leyden
Hungary, Magyarorszag
Shetland, Zetland
Korea, Dae-Han-Min-Gook
Korea, Han-Gook
Inchon, Incheon
Inchon, Chemulpo
Taegu, Tegu
Lappland, Lapland
Bayrut, Beirut
Tarabulus, Tripoli
Tarabulus, Trablous
Sayda, Saida
Sayda, Sidon
Sur, Tyre
Lesotho, Basutoland
Luxembourg, Luxemburg
Luxembourg-Ville, Luxembourg
Luxembourg-Ville, Luxemburg
Skopje, Skoplje
Skopje, Uskub
Malawi, Nyasaland
Malaysia, Malaya
Valletta, Valetta
Mauritania, Mauritanie
Mauritania, Muritaniya
Tartary, Tatary
Morocco, Maroc
Morocco, Marruecos
Morocco, Al-Magrib
Fez, Fes
Marrakesh, Marrakech
Tangier, Tangiers
Mozambique, Mocambique
Natal, KwaZulu-Natal
Maiduguri, Yerwa-Maiduguri
Muscat, Masqat
Kashmir, Cashmere
Faisalabad, Lyallpur
Palau, Belau
Palau, Pelew
Palau, TT
Cuzco, Cusco
Poland, Polska
Warszawa, Warsaw
Bydgoszcz, Bromberg
Cracow, Krakow
Cracow, Krakau
Gdansk, Danzig
Wroclaw, Breslau
Azores, Acores
Lisbon, Lisboa
Porto, Oporto
Qatar, Katar
Qatar, Katar
Doha, Bida
Jeddah, Jed'dah
Jeddah, Jiddah
Jeddah, Jidda
Nejd, Najd
Hejaz, Hedjaz
Hejaz, Hijaz
Mogadishu, Mogadiscio
Witwatersrand, Rand
Witwatersrand, Reef
Chechnya, Chechenia
Grozny, Groznyy
Perm, Molotov
Volgograd, Stalingrad
Volgograd, Tsaritsyn
Belarus, Byelarus
Belarus, Byelorussia
Belarus, Belorussia
Homyel, Homel
Homyel, Gomel
Estonia, Esthonia
Tallinn, Tallin
Lithuania, Lietuva
Klaipeda, Memel
Vilnius, Vilna
Vilnius, Vilno
Vilnius, Wilno
Kaunas, Kovna
Kaunas, Kovno
Moldova, Moldavia
Kishinev, Chisinau
Ukraine, Ukrayina
Kyyiv, Kiev
Donetsk, Donetske
Donetsk, Stalino
Dnipropetrovsk, Yekaterinoslav
Kharkov, Kharkiv
Odessa, Odesa
Sebastopol, Sevastopol
Armenia, Hayastan
Yerevan, Jerevan
Yerevan, Erivan
Azerbaijan, Azerbajdzhan
Georgia, Sakartvelo
Tbilisi, Tiflis
Abkhaz, Abkhazia
Adzhar, Adzharia
Kazakhstan, Kazakstan
Kazakhstan, Kazakh
Kazakhstan, Kazak
Astana, Akmola
Almaty, Alma-Ata
Kyrgyzstan, Kirghizia
Kyrgyzstan, Kirgizia
Kyrgyzstan, Kirghiz
Kyrgyzstan, Kirgiz
Kyrgyzstan, Kirghizstan
Kyrgyzstan, Kirgizstan
Bishkek, Biskek
Bishkek, Frunze
Tajikistan, Tadzhikistan
Tajikistan, Tadzhik
Tajikistan, Tadjik
Tajikistan, Tajik
Dushanbe, Dusanbe
Dushanbe, Dyushambe
Dushanbe, Stalinabad
Turkmenistan, Turkomen
Turkmenistan, Turkmen
Turkmenistan, Turkmenia
Uzbekistan, Uzbek
Tashkent, Taskent
Samarkand, Samarcand
Spain, Espana
Cordoba, Cordova
Sevilla, Seville
Zaragoza, Saragossa
Castile, Castilla
Gibraltar, Calpe
Sudan, Soudan
Sudan, Soudan
Suriname, Surinam
Switzerland, Suisse
Switzerland, Schweiz
Switzerland, Svizzera
Bern, Berne
Basel, Basle
Basel, Bale
Geneva, Geneve
Geneva, Genf
Dimash, Damascus
Halab, Aleppo
Halab, Alep
Thailand, Siam
Sfax, Safaqis
Sousse, Susa
Sousse, Susah
Adana, Seyhan
Ankara, Angora
Antalya, Adalia
Antioch, Antakya
Antioch, Antakiya
Chalcedon, Kadikoy
Dardanelles, Hellespont
Istanbul, Stambul
Istanbul, Stamboul
Istanbul, Constantinople
Bursa, Brusa
Izmir, Smyrna
Confederacy, South
Confederacy, Dixie
Confederacy, Dixieland
Union, North
Carolina, Carolinas
Alabama, AL
Alaska, AK
Arizona, AZ
Arkansas, AR
California, CA
California, Calif.
Colorado, CO
Connecticut, CT
Delaware, DE
Florida, FL
Georgia, GA
Hawaii, Hawai'i
Hawaii, HI
Idaho, ID
Illinois, IL
Indiana, IN
Iowa, IA
Kansas, KS
Kentucky, KY
Louisiana, LA
Maine, ME
Maryland, MD
Massachusetts, MA
Boston, Beantown
Michigan, MI
Detroit, Motown
Minnesota, MN
Mississippi, MS
Missouri, MO
Montana, MT
Nebraska, NE
Nevada, NV
Ohio, OH
Oklahoma, OK
Oregon, OR
Pennsylvania, PA
Tennessee, TN
Texas, TX
Utah, UT
Vermont, VT
Virginia, VA
Washington, WA
Wisconsin, WI
Wyoming, WY
Vietnam, Annam
Hodeida, Al-Hudaydah
Mukalla, Al-Mukalla
Sana, Sanaa
Sana, Sana'a
Silesia, Slask
Silesia, Slezsko
Silesia, Schlesien
Zimbabwe, Rhodesia
Harare, Salisbury
Mojave, Mohave
Nefud, Nafud
Fuji, Fujiyama
Fuji, Fujinoyama
Fuji, Fuji-san
Galeras, Pasto
Krakatau, Krakatao
Krakatau, Krakatoa
reason, ground
score, account
why, wherefore
incentive, inducement
incentive, motivator
disincentive, deterrence
urge, impulse
mania, passion
mania, cacoethes
dipsomania, alcoholism
dipsomania, potomania
logorrhea, logomania
monomania, possession
necrophilia, necrophilism
necrophilia, necromania
compulsion, obsession
conscience, scruples
incitement, incitation
incitement, provocation
cathexis, charge
Aare, Aar
abyss, abysm
Aegospotami, Aegospotamos
aerie, aery
aerie, eyrie
aerie, eyry
ammonite, ammonoid
Amur, Heilong
Angara, Tunguska
Annapurna, Anapurna
anthill, formicary
Araguaia, Araguaya
Aras, Araxes
ascent, acclivity
ascent, rise
ascent, raise
ascent, climb
ascent, upgrade
Auriga, Charioteer
Balaton, Plattensee
bank, cant
bank, camber
bay, embayment
bed, bottom
beehive, hive
bit, chip
bit, flake
bit, fleck
bit, scrap
blanket, mantle
bottomland, bottom
boulder, bowlder
brook, creek
burrow, tunnel
calculus, concretion
canyon, canon
cape, ness
Capricornus, Capricorn
Centaurus, Centaur
Chamaeleon, Chameleon
Baikal, Baykal
cinder, clinker
cirque, corrie
cirque, cwm
cliff, drop
cliff, drop-off
col, gap
Columba, Dove
Constance, Bodensee
coprolith, fecalith
coprolith, faecalith
coprolith, stercolith
Corvus, Crow
covering, cover
crack, cleft
crack, crevice
crack, fissure
crack, scissure
crust, incrustation
crust, encrustation
crystal, crystallization
cumulonimbus, thundercloud
Cuquenan, Kukenaam
Danube, Danau
defile, gorge
dell, dingle
descent, declivity
descent, fall
descent, decline
descent, declination
descent, declension
descent, downslope
Draco, Dragon
dregs, settlings
Earth, earth
Earth, world
Earth, globe
electron, negatron
ember, coal
escarpment, scarp
fault, faulting
fault, shift
fault, fracture
fault, break
feeder, tributary
feeder, confluent
feeder, affluent
fjord, fiord
foam, froth
fomite, vehicle
ford, crossing
forest, woodland
forest, timberland
forest, timber
gallstone, bilestone
grotto, grot
Grus, Crane
gulch, flume
hairball, trichobezoar
highland, upland
Himalayas, Himalaya
hogback, horseback
hole, hollow
hollow, holler
hood, cap
hunk, lump
Hydra, Snake
iceberg, berg
Iguazu, Iguassu
indumentum, indument
inessential, nonessential
inlet, recess
Irtish, Irtysh
isle, islet
K2, Dapsang
Kanchenjunga, Kanchanjanga
Kanchenjunga, Kinchinjunga
kaon, kappa-meson
kaon, k-meson
Karakoram, Mustagh
key, cay
knoll, mound
knoll, hillock
knoll, hummock
knoll, hammock
kopje, koppie
Kunlun, Kuenlun
lagoon, laguna
lagoon, lagune
lakeside, lakeshore
land, earth
land, ground
land, ground
land, soil
ledge, shelf
lithosphere, geosphere
lodestar, loadstar
main, briny
mare, maria
Marmara, Marmora
marsh, marshland
marsh, fen
marsh, fenland
McKinley, Denali
mesa, table
meson, mesotron
meteoroid, meteor
micrometeorite, micrometeoroid
micrometeorite, micrometeor
mire, quagmire
mire, quag
mire, morass
mire, slack
Moon, moon
moor, moorland
mountain, mount
mountainside, versant
muon, mu-meson
Muztag, Muztagh
necessity, essential
necessity, requirement
necessity, requisite
necessity, necessary
need, want
neighbor, neighbour
nub, stub
Olympus, Olimbos
opening, gap
Orion, Hunter
Outaouais, Ottawa
outcrop, outcropping
Pangaea, Pangea
paring, sliver
paring, shaving
Parnaiba, Parnahiba
Parnassus, Liakoura
part, piece
pass, notch
path, track
path, course
peneplain, peneplane
pion, pi-meson
pit, cavity
plain, field
plain, champaign
Polaris, polestar
pond, pool
pool, puddle
positron, antielectron
pothole, chuckhole
promontory, headland
promontory, head
promontory, foreland
pulp, mush
quickener, invigorator
quickener, enlivener
range, chain
repressor, represser
reservoir, source
retardant, retardent
retardant, retardation
Rhine, Rhein
ribbon, thread
ridge, ridgeline
rip, rent
rip, snag
rip, split
rip, tear
riverbank, riverside
rivulet, rill
rivulet, run
rivulet, runnel
rivulet, streamlet
rock, stone
saddleback, saddle
scale, scurf
scale, exfoliation
Scorpius, Scorpio
seashore, coast
seashore, seacoast
seashore, sea-coast
seaside, seaboard
sediment, deposit
Shari, Chari
shell, eggshell
shoal, shallow
silva, sylva
sinkhole, sink
Sirius, Canicula
Sirius, Sothis
Skagerrak, Skagerak
slope, incline
slope, side
soapsuds, suds
soapsuds, lather
spall, spawl
spit, tongue
splinter, sliver
spring, fountain
spring, outflow
spring, outpouring
Sterope, Asterope
strait, sound
stream, watercourse
sun, Sun
swamp, swampland
swath, belt
tableland, plateau
talus, scree
tartar, calculus
tartar, tophus
terrace, bench
Tiber, Tevere
trench, deep
Triangulum, Triangle
turf, sod
turf, sward
turf, greensward
universe, existence
universe, creation
universe, world
universe, cosmos
universe, macrocosm
valley, vale
vector, transmitter
vent, volcano
waterfall, falls
whinstone, whin
Yenisei, Yenisey
Alcyone, Halcyon
Bigfoot, Sasquatch
bogeyman, bugbear
bogeyman, bugaboo
bogeyman, boogeyman
bogeyman, booger
Cerberus, hellhound
Chimera, Chimaera
dragon, firedrake
gryphon, griffin
gryphon, griffon
manticore, mantichora
manticore, manticora
manticore, mantiger
werewolf, wolfman
werewolf, lycanthrope
werewolf, loup-garou
wyvern, wivern
supernatural, occult
destiny, fate
deity, divinity
deity, god
deity, immortal
daemon, demigod
Fury, Eumenides
Fury, Erinyes
Arianrhod, Arianrod
Danu, Dana
Fomor, Fomorian
Lir, Ler
Lug, Lugh
Manawydan, Manawyddan
Morrigan, Morrigu
Amen, Amon
Amen, Amun
Amen-Ra, Amon-Ra
Anubis, Anpu
Aten, Aton
Geb, Keb
Ra, Re
Set, Seth
Anunnaki, Enuki
Ashur, Ashir
Astarte, Ashtoreth
Ishtar, Mylitta
Damkina, Damgalnunna
Dumuzi, Tammuz
Enlil, En-lil
Ereshkigal, Eresh-kigal
Ereshkigal, Ereshkigel
Marduk, Merodach
Marduk, Bel-Merodach
Moloch, Molech
Nabu, Nebo
Namtar, Namtaru
Ninkhursag, Ninhursag
Ninkhursag, Ninkharsag
Nintu, Nintoo
Ninurta, Ninib
Sarpanitu, Zirbanit
Sarpanitu, Zarpanit
Tashmit, Tashmitum
Utu, Utug
Zu, Zubird
Dyaus, Dyaus-pitar
Ganesh, Ganesa
Ganesh, Ganesha
Ganesh, Ganapati
Kartikeya, Karttikeya
Parvati, Anapurna
Parvati, Annapurna
Ribhus, Rhibhus
Shakti, Sakti
Siva, Shiva
Jagannath, Jagannatha
Jagannath, Jagganath
Jagannath, Juggernaut
Mithras, Mithra
Ormazd, Ormuzd
Buddha, Siddhartha
Buddha, Gautama
Bodhisattva, Boddhisatva
Avalokitesvara, Avalokiteshvara
Arhat, Arhant
Arhat, lohan
Ninigi, Ninigino-Mikoto
Godhead, Lord
Godhead, Creator
Godhead, Maker
Godhead, Divine
Godhead, Almighty
Godhead, Jehovah
eon, aeon
Father, Father-God
Father, Fatherhood
Son, Word
Son, Logos
messiah, christ
Yahweh, YHWH
Yahweh, Yahwe
Yahweh, Yahveh
Yahweh, YHVH
Yahweh, Yahve
Yahweh, Wahvey
Yahweh, Jahvey
Yahweh, Jahweh
Yahweh, Jehovah
Yahweh, JHVH
fairy, faery
fairy, faerie
fairy, fay
fairy, sprite
elf, hob
elf, gremlin
elf, pixie
elf, pixy
elf, brownie
elf, imp
gnome, dwarf
bogey, bogy
bogey, bogie
devil, fiend
devil, demon
devil, daemon
devil, daimon
cacodemon, cacodaemon
eudemon, eudaemon
succubus, succuba
dybbuk, dibbuk
Satan, Devil
Satan, Lucifer
Satan, Beelzebub
goblin, hob
goblin, hobgoblin
kelpy, kelpie
vampire, lamia
banshee, banshie
genie, jinni
genie, jinnee
genie, djinni
genie, djinny
genie, djinn
shaitan, shaytan
apparition, phantom
apparition, phantasm
apparition, phantasma
apparition, fantasm
apparition, specter
apparition, spectre
Hesperides, Atlantides
Sterope, Asterope
Apollo, Phoebus
Aphrodite, Cytherea
Venus, Urania
Artemis, Cynthia
Athena, Athene
Athena, Pallas
Aesculapius, Asclepius
Aesculapius, Asklepios
Nox, Night
Cupid, Amor
Daedalus, Daedal
Gaea, Gaia
Gaea, Ge
Hephaestus, Hephaistos
Hera, Here
Moirai, Moirae
Clotho, Klotho
Momus, Momos
Ouranos, Uranus
Pontus, Pontos
Persephone, Despoina
Persephone, Kore
Persephone, Cora
Proserpina, Proserpine
Pluto, Hades
Pluto, Aides
Pluto, Aidoneus
Dis, Orcus
Pythia, Pythoness
Jupiter, Jove
Thea, Theia
Sylvanus, Silvanus
Leto, Latona
Hercules, Heracles
Hercules, Herakles
Hercules, Alcides
Balder, Baldr
Bragi, Brage
Frey, Freyr
Freya, Freyja
Frigg, Frigga
Heimdall, Heimdal
Heimdall, Heimdallr
Hel, Hela
Hoth, Hothr
Hoth, Hoder
Hoth, Hodr
Hoth, Hodur
Idun, Ithunn
Jotun, Jotunn
Njord, Njorth
Urd, Urth
Verdandi, Verthandi
Tyr, Tyrr
Ull, Ullr
Vitharr, Vithar
Vitharr, Vidar
Yggdrasil, Ygdrasil
Wayland, Wieland
Nerthus, Hertha
Woden, Wodan
Wyrd, Weird
Brunhild, Brunnhilde
Brunhild, Brynhild
Cybele, Dindymene
Faust, Faustus
adult, grownup
adventurer, venturer
applicant, applier
appointee, appointment
attendant, attender
attendant, attendee
attendant, meeter
behaviorist, behaviourist
benefactor, helper
captor, capturer
changer, modifier
cosigner, cosignatory
defender, guardian
defender, protector
defender, shielder
defender, withstander
disputant, controversialist
disputant, eristic
engineer, technologist
enologist, oenologist
enologist, fermentologist
eulogist, panegyrist
inhabitant, habitant
inhabitant, dweller
inhabitant, denizen
inhabitant, indweller
native, indigen
native, indigene
native, aborigine
native, aboriginal
intellectual, intellect
mediator, go-between
mediator, intermediator
mediator, intermediary
mediator, intercessor
national, subject
peer, equal
peer, match
peer, compeer
perceiver, percipient
perceiver, observer
perceiver, beholder
precursor, forerunner
preteen, preteenager
recipient, receiver
traveler, traveller
wrongdoer, offender
Afrikaner, Afrikander
Afrikaner, Boer
Aryan, Indo-European
Black, blackamoor
Black, Negro
Black, Negroid
African-American, Afro-American
darky, darkie
darky, darkey
nigger, nigga
nigger, spade
nigger, coon
nigger, jigaboo
nigger, nigra
White, Caucasian
Abkhaz, Abkhazian
Abkhaz, Abkhas
Abkhaz, Abkhasian
Chaldean, Chaldaean
Chaldean, Chaldee
Kassite, Cassite
whitey, honky
whitey, honkey
whitey, honkie
Asian, Asiatic
coolie, cooly
gook, slant-eye
Evenki, Ewenki
Mongol, Mongolian
Udmurt, Votyak
Tatar, Tartar
Abnaki, Abenaki
Algonkian, Algonkin
Algonquian, Algonquin
Atakapa, Attacapan
Athapaskan, Athapascan
Athapaskan, Athabaskan
Athapaskan, Athabascan
Mayan, Maya
Zapotec, Zapotecan
Arapaho, Arapahoe
Arikara, Aricara
Cocopa, Cocopah
Hokan, Hoka
Iowa, Ioway
Kalapooia, Kalapuya
Kalapooia, Calapooya
Kalapooia, Calapuya
Kansa, Kansas
Kiliwa, Kiliwi
Massachuset, Massachusetts
Menomini, Menominee
Micmac, Mikmaq
Mohave, Mojave
Mohican, Mahican
Muskhogean, Muskogean
Navaho, Navajo
Oglala, Ogalala
Ojibwa, Ojibway
Ojibwa, Chippewa
Omaha, Maha
Oto, Otoe
Paiute, Piute
Ponca, Ponka
Redskin, Injun
Sauk, Sac
Shahaptian, Sahaptin
Shahaptian, Sahaptino
Shoshone, Shoshoni
Sioux, Siouan
Teton, Lakota
Walapai, Hualapai
Walapai, Hualpai
Yucatec, Yucateco
Kanarese, Canarese
Kota, Kotar
Gujarati, Gujerati
Punjabi, Panjabi
Maratha, Mahratta
Aborigine, Abo
Aborigine, Aboriginal
Dunker, Dunkard
Dunker, Tunker
gentile, non-Jew
gentile, goy
Friend, Quaker
Uniat, Uniate
Jew, Hebrew
Jew, Israelite
kike, hymie
kike, sheeny
kike, yid
Muslim, Moslem
Shiite, Shi'ite
Sunnite, Sunni
Hindu, Hindoo
Rastafarian, Rasta
Celt, Kelt
Afghan, Afghanistani
Pathan, Pashtun
Pathan, Pushtun
Pathan, Pashtoon
Australian, Aussie
Bahraini, Bahreini
Luba, Chiluba
Tswana, Bechuana
Tswana, Batswana
Tutsi, Watutsi
Tutsi, Watusi
Bermudan, Bermudian
Bhutanese, Bhutani
Byelorussian, Belorussian
Cambodian, Kampuchean
Chewa, Cewa
Chewa, Chichewa
chink, Chinaman
Cypriot, Cypriote
Cypriot, Cyprian
Czechoslovakian, Czechoslovak
Czechoslovakian, Czech
Ecuadorian, Ecuadoran
Salvadoran, Salvadorian
Salvadoran, Salvadorean
Britisher, Briton
Britisher, Brit
Lombard, Langobard
pommy, pom
Liverpudlian, Scouser
Fulani, Fula
Fulani, Fulah
Fulani, Fellata
Fulani, Fulbe
Cheremis, Cheremiss
Cheremis, Mari
Ingrian, Inger
Ingrian, Ingerman
Karelian, Carelian
Ostyak, Khanty
Mordva, Mordvin
Mordva, Mordvinian
Selkup, Ostyak-Samoyed
Veps, Vepse
Veps, Vepsian
Vogul, Mansi
Frenchman, Frenchwoman
frog, Gaul
Angevin, Angevine
Greek, Hellene
Achaean, Achaian
Aeolian, Eolian
Malay, Malayan
Netherlander, Dutchman
Netherlander, Hollander
Hindu, Hindoo
Hindu, Hindustani
Hmong, Miao
Hungarian, Magyar
Irani, Iranian
Irani, Persian
Iraqi, Iraki
Paddy, Mick
Paddy, Mickey
wop, dago
wop, ginzo
wop, Guinea
wop, greaseball
Japanese, Nipponese
Jap, Nip
Lao, Laotian
Lapp, Lapplander
Lapp, Sami
Lapp, Saami
Lapp, Same
Lapp, Saame
spic, spik
spic, spick
Luxemburger, Luxembourger
Maldivian, Maldivan
greaser, wetback
greaser, taco
Mexican-American, Mexicano
Nepalese, Nepali
Hausa, Haussa
Norwegian, Norseman
Norwegian, Norse
Quechua, Kechua
Inca, Inka
Inca, Incan
Qatari, Katari
Romanian, Rumanian
Arab, Arabian
Scandinavian, Norse
Scandinavian, Northman
Scot, Scotsman
Scot, Scotchman
Scotswoman, Scotchwoman
Sinhalese, Singhalese
British, Brits
Tajik, Tadzhik
Thai, Tai
Thai, Siamese
Ottoman, Osmanli
Kazak, Kazakh
Kirghiz, Kirgiz
Kirghiz, Khirghiz
Turkoman, Turkmen
Turkoman, Turcoman
Uighur, Uigur
Uighur, Uygur
Uzbek, Uzbeg
Uzbek, Uzbak
Uzbek, Usbek
Uzbek, Usbeg
Tungus, Evenk
Khalkha, Khalka
Khalkha, Kalka
Alabaman, Alabamian
Arizonan, Arizonian
Arkansan, Arkansawyer
Delawarean, Delawarian
Indianan, Hoosier
Louisianan, Louisianian
Michigander, Wolverine
Minnesotan, Gopher
Nebraskan, Cornhusker
Ohioan, Buckeye
Oklahoman, Sooner
Oregonian, Beaver
Tennessean, Volunteer
Wisconsinite, Badger
Yankee, Yank
Yankee, Yankee-Doodle
Vietnamese, Annamese
Welshman, Welsh
Welshman, Cambrian
Welshman, Cymry
Kraut, Krauthead
Kraut, Boche
Kraut, Jerry
Kraut, Hun
Somalian, Somali
Trojan, Dardan
Trojan, Dardanian
Yugoslav, Jugoslav
Yugoslav, Yugoslavian
Yugoslav, Jugoslavian
Serbian, Serb
Croatian, Croat
Zairese, Zairean
Aries, Ram
Taurus, Bull
Gemini, Twin
Cancer, Crab
Leo, Lion
Virgo, Virgin
Libra, Balance
Scorpio, Scorpion
Sagittarius, Archer
Capricorn, Goat
Pisces, Fish
abbess, prioress
abbot, archimandrite
abominator, loather
abridger, abbreviator
abstractor, abstracter
abettor, abetter
abolitionist, emancipationist
abseiler, rappeller
abstainer, abstinent
abstainer, nondrinker
abstainer, ascetic
abuser, maltreater
academician, academic
academician, schoolman
accessory, accessary
accompanist, accompanyist
accomplice, confederate
accountant, comptroller
accountant, controller
defendant, suspect
ace, adept
ace, champion
ace, sensation
ace, maven
ace, mavin
ace, virtuoso
ace, genius
ace, hotshot
ace, star
ace, superstar
ace, whiz
ace, whizz
ace, wizard
ace, wiz
achiever, winner
achiever, success
achiever, succeeder
acquaintance, friend
actor, histrion
actor, player
actor, thespian
actor, doer
actor, worker
addict, nut
addict, freak
addict, junkie
addict, junky
adjuster, adjustor
adjutant, aide
adjutant, aide-de-camp
administrator, executive
admirer, adorer
admonisher, monitor
admonisher, reminder
adolescent, stripling
adolescent, teenager
adolescent, teen
adulterer, fornicator
adulteress, fornicatress
adulteress, hussy
adulteress, jade
adulteress, slut
adulteress, strumpet
adulteress, trollop
adversary, antagonist
adversary, opponent
adversary, opposer
adversary, resister
advertiser, advertizer
advertiser, adman
adviser, advisor
adviser, consultant
advocate, advocator
advocate, proponent
advocate, exponent
advocate, counsel
advocate, counselor
advocate, counsellor
advocate, counselor-at-law
advocate, pleader
agent, factor
agent, broker
aggravator, annoyance
agitator, fomenter
agnostic, doubter
agriculturist, agriculturalist
agriculturist, cultivator
agriculturist, grower
agriculturist, raiser
aide, auxiliary
aircraftsman, aircraftman
alcoholic, alky
alcoholic, dipsomaniac
alcoholic, boozer
alcoholic, lush
alcoholic, soaker
alcoholic, souse
Aleut, Aleutian
alienee, grantee
allegorizer, allegoriser
allocator, distributor
ally, friend
alphabetizer, alphabetiser
alumnus, alumna
alumnus, alum
alumnus, graduate
alumnus, grad
amazon, virago
ambassador, embassador
amnesic, amnesiac
analphabet, analphabetic
analyst, psychoanalyst
anarchist, nihilist
anarchist, syndicalist
ancestor, ascendant
ancestor, ascendent
ancestor, antecedent
ancestor, root
anchor, anchorman
anchor, anchorperson
ancient, antediluvian
anecdotist, raconteur
anesthesiologist, anesthetist
anesthesiologist, anaesthetist
angel, backer
angler, troller
anglophile, anglophil
anorexic, anorectic
anthropoid, ape
anticipator, anticipant
antiquary, antiquarian
antiquary, archaist
anti-Semite, Jew-baiter
apologist, vindicator
apologist, justifier
aquanaut, oceanaut
aspirant, aspirer
aspirant, hopeful
aspirant, wannabe
aspirant, wannabee
apprentice, learner
apprentice, prentice
appraiser, valuator
appraiser, authenticator
Aramean, Aramaean
Arawak, Arawakan
arbiter, arbitrator
arbiter, umpire
arbitrageur, arbitrager
arbitrageur, arb
archeologist, archaeologist
archer, bowman
architect, designer
archpriest, hierarch
archpriest, prelate
archpriest, primate
aristocrat, patrician
Aristotelian, Aristotelean
Aristotelian, Peripatetic
armiger, armor-bearer
armorer, armourer
armorer, artificer
armorer, armourer
arranger, adapter
arranger, transcriber
arrival, arriver
arrival, comer
arsonist, incendiary
arsonist, firebug
artilleryman, cannoneer
artilleryman, gunner
assassin, assassinator
assassin, bravo
asserter, declarer
asserter, affirmer
asserter, asseverator
asserter, avower
asshole, bastard
asshole, cocksucker
asshole, dickhead
asshole, shit
asshole, motherfucker
asshole, prick
asshole, whoreson
asshole, SOB
assistant, helper
assistant, help
assistant, supporter
astrologer, astrologist
astronaut, spaceman
astronaut, cosmonaut
astronomer, uranologist
astronomer, stargazer
cosmographer, cosmographist
atavist, throwback
athlete, jock
attacker, aggressor
attacker, assailant
attacker, assaulter
attendant, attender
attendant, tender
attester, attestant
augur, auspex
aunt, auntie
aunt, aunty
authoritarian, dictator
authorizer, authoriser
automaton, zombi
automaton, zombie
avenger, retaliator
aviator, aeronaut
aviator, airman
aviator, flier
aviator, flyer
aviatrix, airwoman
aviatrix, aviatress
babu, baboo
baby, babe
baby, sister
baby, babe
baby, infant
babyminder, minder
babysitter, baby-sitter
babysitter, sitter
bacchant, bacchanal
backpacker, packer
baldhead, baldpate
baldhead, baldy
balker, baulker
balker, noncompliant
ball-buster, ball-breaker
ballerina, danseuse
bullfighter, toreador
bandit, brigand
bankrupt, insolvent
baritone, barytone
barnstormer, playactor
barnstormer, play-actor
barnstormer, trouper
baron, king
baron, magnate
baron, mogul
baron, power
baron, tycoon
baronet, Bart
barrator, barrater
bartender, barman
bartender, barkeep
bartender, barkeeper
bartender, mixologist
basketweaver, basketmaker
bass, basso
bastard, by-blow
bastard, illegitimate
bastard, whoreson
baster, tacker
batter, hitter
batter, slugger
batter, batsman
battle-ax, battle-axe
beadsman, bedesman
beast, wolf
beast, savage
beast, brute
beast, wildcat
beatnik, beat
beautician, cosmetician
Bedouin, Beduin
bedwetter, wetter
beekeeper, apiarist
beekeeper, apiculturist
beggar, mendicant
beldam, beldame
believer, worshiper
believer, worshipper
Taoist, Tao
believer, truster
bellboy, bellman
bellboy, bellhop
beloved, dear
beloved, dearest
beloved, honey
beloved, love
benedick, benedict
beneficiary, donee
berserker, berserk
best, topper
bettor, better
bettor, wagerer
bettor, punter
bibliophile, booklover
bibliopole, bibliopolist
bilingual, bilingualist
blackmailer, extortioner
blackmailer, extortionist
blaster, chargeman
blond, blonde
bluejacket, sailor
bluffer, four-flusher
boatman, boater
boatman, waterman
boatswain, bos'n
boatswain, bo's'n
boatswain, bosun
boatswain, bo'sun
bobbysoxer, bobby-socker
bodybuilder, muscle-builder
bodybuilder, musclebuilder
bodybuilder, muscleman
bodyguard, escort
Bolshevik, Marxist
Bolshevik, red
Bolshevik, bolshie
Bolshevik, bolshy
Bolshevik, Bolshevist
bondman, bondsman
bondman, bondsman
bondwoman, bondswoman
bondwoman, bondmaid
bondwoman, bondswoman
bondwoman, bondmaid
bondsman, bondswoman
bookmaker, bookie
booster, shoplifter
booster, lifter
bootblack, shoeblack
bootlegger, moonshiner
bore, dullard
boss, hirer
botanist, phytologist
bouncer, chucker-out
bounder, leaper
bourgeois, burgher
boxer, pugilist
slugger, slogger
cub, lad
cub, laddie
cub, sonny
boyfriend, fellow
boyfriend, beau
boyfriend, swain
bragger, braggart
bragger, boaster
bragger, blowhard
bragger, line-shooter
bragger, vaunter
brahman, brahmin
brahman, brahmin
brainworker, brain-worker
breaker, ledgeman
briber, suborner
brother, comrade
Brummie, Brummy
brunet, brunette
buddy, brother
buddy, chum
buddy, crony
buddy, pal
buddy, sidekick
builder, constructor
bull, bruiser
bull, strapper
bull, Samson
bull, cop
bull, copper
bull, fuzz
bull, pig
bully, tough
bully, hooligan
bully, ruffian
bully, roughneck
bully, rowdy
bully, yob
bully, yobo
bully, yobbo
bungler, blunderer
bungler, fumbler
bungler, bumbler
bungler, stumbler
bungler, botcher
bungler, butcher
bungler, fuckup
burgess, burgher
businessperson, bourgeois
buster, broncobuster
busybody, nosy-parker
busybody, nosey-parker
busybody, quidnunc
butch, dike
butch, dyke
butcher, slaughterer
butcher, meatman
butler, pantryman
butt, goat
butt, laughingstock
butt, stooge
buyer, purchaser
buyer, emptor
buyer, vendee
Cabalist, Kabbalist
cabalist, kabbalist
cad, bounder
cad, blackguard
cad, dog
cad, hound
cad, heel
cadet, plebe
calculator, reckoner
calculator, figurer
calculator, estimator
calculator, computer
caliph, calif
caliph, kaliph
caliph, kalif
caliph, khalif
caliph, khalifah
caller, company
caller, caller-up
caller, phoner
caller, telephoner
caller, caller-out
calligrapher, calligraphist
Calvinist, Genevan
cameraman, cinematographer
campaigner, candidate
campaigner, nominee
candidate, prospect
cannibal, man-eater
cannibal, anthropophagus
cannibal, anthropophagite
canoeist, paddler
cantor, hazan
captain, headwaiter
captain, skipper
captain, chieftain
carbineer, carabineer
carbineer, carabinier
cardsharp, cardsharper
cardsharp, sharper
cardsharp, sharpie
cardsharp, sharpy
caroler, caroller
Carolingian, Carlovingian
carper, niggler
carrier, newsboy
carrier, bearer
carrier, toter
casuist, sophist
cataloger, cataloguer
catch, match
catcher, backstop
catechumen, neophyte
Cavalier, Royalist
cavalier, chevalier
cavalryman, trooper
cavalryman, trooper
caveman, troglodyte
celebrant, celebrator
celebrant, celebrater
cellist, violoncellist
center, snapper
centrist, moderate
centrist, moderationist
chachka, tsatske
chachka, tshatshke
chachka, tchotchke
chachka, tchotchkeleh
Chaldean, Chaldaean
Chaldean, Chaldee
champion, fighter
champion, hero
champion, paladin
champion, champ
champion, title-holder
chancellor, premier
chap, fellow
chap, feller
chap, fella
chap, lad
chap, gent
chap, blighter
chap, cuss
chap, bloke
chaperon, chaperone
character, eccentric
character, type
character, case
charmer, beguiler
charwoman, char
charwoman, woman
chatterer, babbler
chatterer, prater
chatterer, chatterbox
chatterer, magpie
chatterer, spouter
chauvinist, jingoist
chauvinist, jingo
chauvinist, flag-waver
chauvinist, hundred-percenter
chauvinist, patrioteer
cheapskate, tightwad
Cheops, Khufu
child, kid
child, youngster
child, minor
child, shaver
child, nipper
child, tiddler
child, tike
child, tyke
child, fry
child, nestling
child, kid
child, baby
chimneysweeper, chimneysweep
chimneysweeper, sweep
chiropodist, podiatrist
choirmaster, precentor
choirmaster, cantor
chump, fool
chump, gull
chump, mark
chump, patsy
chump, sucker
chump, mug
cipher, cypher
cipher, nobody
cipher, nonentity
clapper, applauder
clarinetist, clarinettist
clergyman, reverend
cleric, churchman
cleric, divine
cleric, ecclesiastic
cloakmaker, furrier
clocksmith, clockmaker
closer, finisher
clothier, haberdasher
clown, buffoon
clown, goof
clown, goofball
clown, buffoon
coach, tutor
coach, manager
coach, handler
cobbler, shoemaker
codefendant, co-defendant
codetalker, windtalker
coiner, minter
coiner, moneyer
collaborator, cooperator
collaborator, partner
collaborator, pardner
collaborator, collaborationist
collaborator, quisling
colleague, confrere
colleague, fellow
colleague, co-worker
colleague, workfellow
collector, gatherer
collector, accumulator
collector, aggregator
colonizer, coloniser
colossus, behemoth
colossus, giant
colossus, heavyweight
colossus, titan
columnist, editorialist
combatant, battler
combatant, belligerent
combatant, fighter
combatant, scrapper
comedian, comic
commando, ranger
commentator, reviewer
communist, commie
companion, comrade
companion, fellow
companion, familiar
companion, associate
compositor, typesetter
compositor, setter
compositor, typographer
concessionaire, concessioner
conciliator, make-peace
conciliator, pacifier
conciliator, peacemaker
conciliator, reconciler
concubine, courtesan
concubine, doxy
concubine, paramour
conductor, director
confectioner, candymaker
confederate, collaborator
confederate, henchman
confidant, intimate
swindler, defrauder
swindler, chiseller
swindler, chiseler
swindler, gouger
swindler, scammer
swindler, grifter
Confucian, Confucianist
congressman, congresswoman
congressman, representative
connoisseur, cognoscente
conqueror, vanquisher
conservative, conservativist
nonconformist, recusant
Nonconformist, chapelgoer
consigner, consignor
conspirator, coconspirator
conspirator, plotter
conspirator, machinator
consumptive, lunger
consumptive, tubercular
contact, middleman
contemporary, coeval
contractor, declarer
conversationalist, conversationist
conversationalist, schmoozer
conveyer, conveyor
convict, con
convict, inmate
convict, yardbird
cookie, cooky
copilot, co-pilot
copycat, imitator
copycat, emulator
copycat, ape
copycat, aper
copyist, scribe
copyist, scrivener
coquette, flirt
coquette, vamp
coquette, vamper
coquette, minx
coquette, tease
coquette, prickteaser
corespondent, co-respondent
correspondent, newspaperman
correspondent, newspaperwoman
correspondent, newswriter
correspondent, pressman
cosmopolitan, cosmopolite
costermonger, barrow-man
costermonger, barrow-boy
costumier, costumer
cotter, cottier
cotter, cottar
counselor, counsellor
counselor, counsellor
counterperson, counterwoman
counterperson, counterman
counterrevolutionist, counter-revolutionist
counterrevolutionist, counterrevolutionary
counterspy, mole
countryman, ruralist
cousin, cousin-german
couturier, designer
cowboy, cowpuncher
cowboy, puncher
cowboy, cowman
cowboy, cattleman
cowboy, cowpoke
cowboy, cowhand
cowboy, cowherd
vaquero, buckaroo
vaquero, buckeroo
coxcomb, cockscomb
coxswain, cox
crackpot, crank
crackpot, nut
crackpot, fruitcake
crackpot, screwball
craftsman, artisan
craftsman, journeyman
craftsman, artificer
craftsman, crafter
crawler, creeper
crazy, loony
crazy, looney
crazy, nutcase
crazy, weirdo
creature, wight
creature, tool
creature, puppet
creep, weirdo
creep, weirdie
creep, weirdy
creep, spook
criminal, felon
criminal, crook
criminal, outlaw
criminal, malefactor
crimp, crimper
crooner, balladeer
cross-examiner, cross-questioner
cryptanalyst, cryptographer
cryptanalyst, cryptologist
cub, greenhorn
cub, rookie
cunt, bitch
curate, minister
curate, parson
curate, pastor
curate, rector
curator, conservator
custodian, keeper
custodian, steward
customer, client
cutter, carver
cyclist, bicyclist
cyclist, bicycler
cyclist, wheeler
cynic, faultfinder
czar, tsar
czar, tzar
czarina, tsarina
czarina, tzarina
czarina, czaritza
czarina, tsaritsa
dabbler, dilettante
dabbler, sciolist
dacoit, dakoit
dad, dada
dad, daddy
dad, pa
dad, papa
dad, pappa
dad, pop
dairymaid, milkmaid
dallier, dillydallier
dallier, dilly-dallier
dallier, mope
dallier, lounger
dame, doll
dame, wench
dame, skirt
dame, chick
dame, bird
damsel, demoiselle
damsel, damoiselle
damsel, damosel
damsel, damozel
dame, madam
dame, ma'am
dame, lady
dame, gentlewoman
dancer, terpsichorean
dandy, dude
dandy, fop
dandy, gallant
dandy, sheik
dandy, beau
dandy, swell
dandy, clotheshorse
daredevil, madcap
daredevil, hothead
daredevil, swashbuckler
daredevil, lunatic
daredevil, harum-scarum
darling, favorite
darling, favourite
darling, pet
darling, dearie
darling, deary
darling, ducky
date, escort
daughter, girl
dawdler, drone
dawdler, laggard
dawdler, lagger
dawdler, trailer
dawdler, poke
daydreamer, woolgatherer
lotus-eater, stargazer
decoder, decipherer
decoy, steerer
dean, doyen
debaser, degrader
debater, arguer
debtor, debitor
debutante, deb
deceiver, cheat
deceiver, cheater
deceiver, trickster
deceiver, beguiler
deceiver, slicker
deckhand, roustabout
decorator, ornamentalist
defamer, maligner
defamer, slanderer
defamer, vilifier
defamer, libeler
defamer, backbiter
defamer, traducer
defaulter, deadbeat
defeatist, negativist
defecator, voider
defecator, shitter
deist, freethinker
deliveryman, deliverer
demagogue, demagog
demagogue, rabble-rouser
demigod, superman
demigod, Ubermensch
democrat, populist
demographer, demographist
demonstrator, protester
departer, leaver
departer, goer
dependant, dependent
deputy, lieutenant
deputy, surrogate
descendant, descendent
deserter, defector
deserter, apostate
deserter, renegade
deserter, turncoat
deserter, recreant
deserter, ratter
designer, intriguer
destroyer, ruiner
destroyer, undoer
destroyer, waster
destroyer, uprooter
detective, investigator
detective, tec
detractor, disparager
detractor, depreciator
detractor, knocker
diagnostician, pathologist
diarist, journalist
dick, gumshoe
dick, hawkshaw
dictator, potentate
dietician, dietitian
dietician, nutritionist
diemaker, diesinker
diemaker, die-sinker
differentiator, discriminator
dimwit, nitwit
dimwit, half-wit
dimwit, doofus
diplomat, diplomatist
director, manager
disbeliever, nonbeliever
disbeliever, unbeliever
disciple, adherent
disentangler, unraveler
disentangler, unraveller
dissenter, dissident
dissenter, protester
dissenter, objector
dissenter, contestant
distributor, distributer
diver, plunger
diver, frogman
ex-wife, ex
doctor, doc
doctor, physician
doctor, MD
doctor, Dr.
doctor, medico
doctor, Dr.
dodger, fox
dodger, slyboots
dodo, fogy
dodo, fogey
dodo, fossil
dogmatist, doctrinaire
dominus, dominie
dominus, domine
dominus, dominee
don, father
donor, giver
donor, presenter
donor, bestower
donor, conferrer
doorkeeper, doorman
doorkeeper, porter
doorkeeper, gatekeeper
doorkeeper, ostiary
doorkeeper, ostiary
doorkeeper, ostiarius
double, image
double, look-alike
double-crosser, double-dealer
double-crosser, two-timer
double-crosser, betrayer
double-crosser, traitor
dove, peacenik
draftee, conscript
draftee, inductee
draftsman, drawer
draftsman, draughtsman
draftsman, draftsperson
dragon, tartar
redcoat, lobsterback
dramatist, playwright
dressmaker, modiste
dressmaker, needlewoman
dressmaker, seamstress
dressmaker, sempstress
dribbler, driveller
dribbler, slobberer
dribbler, drooler
drinker, imbiber
drinker, toper
drinker, juicer
driveller, jabberer
drudge, peon
drudge, navvy
drunkard, drunk
drunkard, rummy
drunkard, sot
drunkard, inebriate
drunkard, wino
Druze, Druse
dry, prohibitionist
dueler, dueller
dueler, duelist
dueler, duellist
dumbbell, dummy
dumbbell, dope
dumbbell, boob
dumbbell, booby
dumbbell, pinhead
dunce, dunderhead
dunce, numskull
dunce, blockhead
dunce, bonehead
dunce, lunkhead
dunce, hammerhead
dunce, knucklehead
dunce, loggerhead
dunce, muttonhead
dunce, shithead
dunce, dumbass
dunce, fuckhead
dwarf, midget
dwarf, nanus
dynamiter, dynamitist
eater, feeder
eccentric, flake
eccentric, oddball
eccentric, geek
eclectic, eclecticist
econometrician, econometrist
economizer, economiser
educationist, educationalist
educator, pedagogue
educator, pedagog
effecter, effector
egalitarian, equalitarian
egocentric, egoist
egotist, egoist
egotist, swellhead
elder, senior
electrician, lineman
electrician, linesman
emancipator, manumitter
embezzler, defalcator
embezzler, peculator
emigrant, emigre
emigrant, emigree
emigrant, outgoer
emir, amir
emir, emeer
emir, ameer
emissary, envoy
conjurer, conjuror
enchantress, witch
enchantress, temptress
enchantress, siren
enchantress, Delilah
encyclopedist, encyclopaedist
enemy, foe
enemy, foeman
enemy, opposition
energizer, energiser
energizer, vitalizer
energizer, vitaliser
energizer, animator
endorser, indorser
enophile, oenophile
enthusiast, partisan
enthusiast, partizan
entomologist, bugologist
entomologist, bug-hunter
entrepreneur, enterpriser
environmentalist, conservationist
epicure, gourmet
epicure, gastronome
epicure, epicurean
epicure, foodie
epigone, epigon
escapist, dreamer
Eskimo, Esquimau
Eskimo, Inuit
Esquire, Esq
essayist, litterateur
esthete, aesthete
esthetician, aesthetician
esthetician, aesthetician
ethicist, ethician
etiologist, aetiologist
eunuch, castrate
evaluator, judge
evangelist, revivalist
evangelist, gospeler
evangelist, gospeller
examiner, inspector
examiner, tester
examiner, quizzer
exhibitor, exhibitioner
exhibitor, shower
exhibitionist, show-off
exhibitionist, flasher
exile, deportee
exile, expatriate
exile, expat
exorcist, exorciser
exploiter, user
explorer, adventurer
expositor, expounder
expurgator, bowdlerizer
expurgator, bowdleriser
exterminator, terminator
exterminator, eradicator
extrovert, extravert
fagot, faggot
fagot, fag
fagot, fairy
fagot, nance
fagot, pansy
fagot, queen
fagot, queer
fagot, poof
fagot, poove
fagot, pouf
fakir, fakeer
fakir, faqir
fakir, faquir
falangist, phalangist
falconer, hawker
fan, buff
fan, devotee
fan, lover
fanatic, fiend
fancier, enthusiast
fantast, futurist
farmer, husbandman
farmer, granger
farmer, sodbuster
farmhand, fieldhand
farrier, horseshoer
fatalist, determinist
fatalist, predestinarian
fatalist, predestinationist
father, begetter
Father, Padre
fatso, fatty
fatso, roly-poly
fatso, butterball
Fauve, fauvist
fellow, dude
fellow, buster
feminist, libber
fencer, swordsman
fiance, groom-to-be
fiancee, bride-to-be
fielder, fieldsman
filibuster, filibusterer
finagler, wangler
financier, moneyman
finder, discoverer
finder, spotter
fink, snitch
fink, snitcher
fink, stoolpigeon
fink, stoolie
fink, sneak
fink, sneaker
fink, canary
fire-eater, fire-swallower
fire-eater, hothead
fireman, firefighter
fireman, fire-eater
firstborn, eldest
fisherman, fisher
fishmonger, fishwife
flatfoot, patrolman
flatterer, adulator
flier, flyer
flogger, scourger
floorwalker, shopwalker
flop, dud
flop, washout
flunky, flunkey
flunky, stooge
flunky, yes-man
flutist, flautist
foe, enemy
fool, sap
fool, saphead
fool, muggins
fool, tomfool
footpad, padder
forebear, forbear
forecaster, predictor
forecaster, prognosticator
forecaster, soothsayer
forefather, father
forefather, sire
foreigner, alien
foreigner, noncitizen
foreigner, outlander
foreigner, outsider
foreman, chief
foreman, gaffer
foreman, honcho
foreman, boss
forester, arboriculturist
forewoman, forelady
forger, counterfeiter
foster-child, fosterling
founder, beginner
founder, father
Francophile, Francophil
freak, monster
freak, monstrosity
freedman, freedwoman
freelancer, freelance
freelancer, free-lance
freelancer, independent
freeman, freewoman
Freemason, Mason
freshman, fresher
friar, mendicant
monk, monastic
frontiersman, backwoodsman
front-runner, favorite
front-runner, favourite
frump, dog
fugitive, runaway
fugitive, fleer
gagman, gagster
gagman, gagwriter
Galilean, Galilaean
galvanizer, galvaniser
galvanizer, inspirer
galvanizer, galvaniser
games-master, games-mistress
gangster, mobster
gardener, nurseryman
garmentmaker, garment-worker
garroter, garrotter
garroter, strangler
garroter, throttler
garroter, choker
gasbag, windbag
gatecrasher, crasher
generator, source
generator, author
progenitor, primogenitor
genius, mastermind
genius, brain
genius, brainiac
genius, Einstein
geometer, geometrician
gerontologist, geriatrician
ghostwriter, ghost
giant, goliath
giant, behemoth
giant, monster
giant, colossus
giant, hulk
giant, heavyweight
giant, whale
girl, miss
girl, missy
girl, fille
girlfriend, girl
Girondist, Girondin
glutton, gourmand
glutton, gourmandizer
glutton, trencherman
gonif, goniff
gonif, ganef
gonif, ganof
goalkeeper, goalie
goalkeeper, goaltender
goalkeeper, netkeeper
goalkeeper, netminder
goffer, gopher
go-getter, whizz-kid
go-getter, whiz-kid
goldbeater, gold-beater
goldbrick, goof-off
goldbrick, ne'er-do-well
goldbrick, good-for-nothing
goldbrick, no-account
goldbrick, good-for-naught
goldsmith, goldworker
goldsmith, gold-worker
golfer, linksman
gondolier, gondoliere
goner, toast
gossip, gossiper
gossip, gossipmonger
gossip, rumormonger
gossip, rumourmonger
gossip, newsmonger
grammarian, syntactician
grandfather, gramps
grandfather, granddad
grandfather, grandad
grandfather, granddaddy
grandfather, grandpa
grandma, grandmother
grandma, granny
grandma, grannie
grandma, gran
grandma, nan
grandma, nanna
graverobber, ghoul
great-aunt, grandaunt
great-nephew, grandnephew
great-niece, grandniece
great-uncle, granduncle
greeter, saluter
greeter, welcomer
groom, bridegroom
groom, bridegroom
grouch, grump
grouch, crank
grouch, churl
grouch, crosspatch
groundsman, groundskeeper
groundsman, groundkeeper
guarantor, surety
guarantor, warrantor
guarantor, warranter
guerrilla, guerilla
guerrilla, irregular
guerrilla, insurgent
guest, invitee
gulper, guzzler
gunman, gunslinger
gunman, gun
gunman, triggerman
gunman, hitman
gunman, torpedo
gunman, shooter
gunrunner, arms-runner
guy, cat
guy, hombre
guy, bozo
gynecologist, gynaecologist
Gypsy, Gipsy
Gypsy, Romany
Gypsy, Rommany
Gypsy, Romani
Gypsy, Roma
Gypsy, Bohemian
hack, drudge
hack, hacker
hacker, cyber-terrorist
hacker, cyberpunk
hag, beldam
hag, beldame
hag, witch
hag, crone
hagiographer, hagiographist
hagiographer, hagiologist
hairdresser, hairstylist
hairdresser, stylist
hairdresser, styler
hajji, hadji
hajji, haji
hakim, hakeem
fathead, goof
fathead, goofball
fathead, bozo
fathead, jackass
fathead, goose
fathead, cuckoo
fathead, twat
fathead, zany
handmaid, handmaiden
harasser, harrier
harmonizer, harmoniser
harmonizer, harmoniser
harpist, harper
harpooner, harpooneer
harvester, reaper
has-been, back-number
Hasid, Hassid
Hasid, Chasid
Hasid, Chassid
hatmaker, hatter
hatmaker, milliner
hatmaker, modiste
hauler, haulier
head, chief
headhunter, head-shrinker
headliner, star
headman, chieftain
headman, chief
headmaster, schoolmaster
headmaster, master
headsman, headman
hearer, listener
hearer, auditor
hearer, attender
heathen, pagan
heathen, gentile
heathen, infidel
heckler, badgerer
hedger, equivocator
hedger, tergiversator
hedonist, pagan
heir, inheritor
heir, heritor
heiress, inheritress
heiress, inheritrix
hellion, heller
hellion, devil
hell-kite, hell-rooster
hell-kite, gamecock
helmsman, steersman
helmsman, steerer
helpmate, helpmeet
hematologist, haematologist
hemophiliac, haemophiliac
hemophiliac, bleeder
hemophiliac, hemophile
hemophiliac, haemophile
herald, trumpeter
herder, herdsman
herder, drover
heretic, misbeliever
hermaphrodite, intersex
hermaphrodite, gynandromorph
hermaphrodite, androgyne
hermaphrodite, epicene
hermit, recluse
hermit, solitary
hermit, solitudinarian
hermit, troglodyte
protagonist, agonist
heterosexual, straight
highflier, highflyer
high-muck-a-muck, pooh-bah
highjacker, highwayman
highjacker, hijacker
highjacker, hijacker
hiker, tramp
hiker, tramper
hillbilly, bushwhacker
hippie, hippy
hippie, hipster
hireling, pensionary
historian, historiographer
hitter, striker
hobbler, limper
hog, pig
holder, bearer
holdover, hangover
homebuilder, home-builder
homebuilder, housebuilder
homebuilder, house-builder
homeopath, homoeopath
homeowner, householder
homosexual, homophile
homosexual, homo
homosexual, gay
hood, hoodlum
hood, goon
hood, punk
hood, thug
hood, tough
hood, toughie
hood, strong-armer
hoofer, stepper
horseman, equestrian
horticulturist, plantsman
host, innkeeper
host, boniface
hostage, surety
hotelier, hotelkeeper
hotelier, hotelman
hotelier, hosteller
housewife, homemaker
housewrecker, housebreaker
huckster, cheap-jack
humanist, humanitarian
humanitarian, do-gooder
humanitarian, improver
humorist, humourist
humpback, hunchback
humpback, crookback
hunter, huntsman
husband, hubby
ex-husband, ex
hustler, operator
hypnotist, hypnotizer
hypnotist, hypnotiser
hypnotist, mesmerist
hypnotist, mesmerizer
hypocrite, dissembler
hypocrite, dissimulator
hypocrite, phony
hypocrite, phoney
hypocrite, pretender
idealist, dreamer
ideologist, ideologue
idiot, imbecile
idiot, cretin
idiot, moron
idiot, changeling
idiot, half-wit
idiot, retard
idler, loafer
idler, do-nothing
idler, layabout
idler, bum
idolater, idolizer
idolater, idoliser
idolizer, idoliser
illiterate, nonreader
imam, imaum
imp, scamp
imp, monkey
imp, rascal
imp, rapscallion
imp, scalawag
imp, scallywag
impersonator, imitator
import, importee
imposter, impostor
imposter, pretender
imposter, fake
imposter, faker
imposter, fraud
imposter, sham
imposter, shammer
imposter, pseudo
imposter, pseud
incumbent, officeholder
infantryman, marcher
infantryman, footslogger
informant, source
informer, betrayer
informer, rat
informer, squealer
informer, blabber
initiate, pundit
initiate, savant
in-law, relative-in-law
inoculator, vaccinator
inpatient, inmate
inquirer, enquirer
inquirer, questioner
inquirer, querier
inquirer, asker
inquisitor, interrogator
instigator, initiator
instigator, provoker
instigator, inciter
instigator, instigant
instigator, firebrand
instrument, pawn
instrument, cat's-paw
insurgent, insurrectionist
insurgent, rebel
interlocutor, middleman
intern, interne
intern, houseman
interpreter, translator
intruder, interloper
intruder, trespasser
invader, encroacher
invalid, shut-in
invalidator, voider
invalidator, nullifier
inventor, discoverer
inventor, artificer
ironmonger, hardwareman
irredentist, irridentist
islander, island-dweller
Ismaili, Ismailian
itinerant, gypsy
itinerant, gipsy
Javanese, Javan
jerk, dork
jester, fool
jewel, gem
jeweler, jeweller
jimdandy, jimhickey
jimdandy, crackerjack
jobber, middleman
jobber, wholesaler
joker, jokester
joker, turkey
jonah, jinx
judge, justice
judge, jurist
juggernaut, steamroller
Junior, Jr
Junior, Jnr
juror, juryman
juror, jurywoman
justiciar, justiciary
kaffir, kafir
kaffir, caffer
kaffir, caffre
kidnapper, kidnaper
kidnapper, abductor
kidnapper, snatcher
killer, slayer
king, Rex
king, queen
king, world-beater
kingpin, bigwig
relative, relation
kin, kinsperson
kin, family
enate, matrikin
enate, matrisib
agnate, patrikin
agnate, patrisib
kisser, osculator
Klansman, Kluxer
knower, apprehender
know-it-all, know-all
laborer, labourer
laborer, jack
lackey, flunky
lackey, flunkey
Lady, noblewoman
Lady, peeress
ladylove, dulcinea
lamb, dear
landlubber, lubber
landlubber, landsman
landlubber, landsman
landlubber, landman
landowner, landholder
lapidary, lapidist
lapidary, lapidarist
larcenist, larcener
lass, lassie
laudator, lauder
laudator, extoller
lawgiver, lawmaker
lawyer, attorney
layman, layperson
layman, secular
learner, scholar
learner, assimilator
leaseholder, lessee
lector, lecturer
lector, reader
lector, reader
leech, parasite
leech, sponge
leech, sponger
left-hander, lefty
left-hander, southpaw
legionnaire, legionary
lender, loaner
leper, lazar
lepidopterist, lepidopterologist
lesbian, tribade
leveler, leveller
lexicographer, lexicologist
liar, prevaricator
liberal, liberalist
liberal, progressive
libertine, debauchee
libertine, rounder
librarian, bibliothec
lie-abed, slugabed
lifeguard, lifesaver
lighterman, bargeman
lighterman, bargee
light-o'-love, light-of-love
linguist, polyglot
linkboy, linkman
liquidator, receiver
litigant, litigator
litterer, litterbug
locator, locater
lockmaster, lockman
lockmaster, lockkeeper
lodger, boarder
lodger, roomer
logician, logistician
logomach, logomachist
loiterer, lingerer
longer, thirster
longer, yearner
lookout, sentinel
lookout, sentry
lookout, watch
lookout, spotter
lookout, scout
lookout, picket
Lord, noble
Lord, nobleman
loser, also-ran
failure, loser
failure, nonstarter
loudmouth, blusterer
lout, clod
lout, stumblebum
lout, goon
lout, oaf
lout, lubber
lout, lummox
lout, lump
lout, gawk
lowerclassman, underclassman
loyalist, stalwart
luger, slider
lumberman, lumberjack
lumberman, logger
lumberman, feller
lumberman, faller
luminary, notable
luminary, notability
lunatic, madman
lunatic, maniac
lurker, skulker
lurker, lurcher
lutist, lutanist
lutist, lutenist
lyricist, lyrist
ma, mama
ma, mamma
ma, mom
ma, momma
ma, mommy
ma, mammy
ma, mum
ma, mummy
macebearer, mace
macebearer, macer
machinist, mechanic
maestro, master
magician, prestidigitator
magician, conjurer
magician, conjuror
magician, illusionist
magpie, scavenger
maharaja, maharajah
maharani, maharanee
maid, maiden
maid, maidservant
maid, housemaid
maid, amah
mailman, postman
mailman, carrier
major-domo, seneschal
maker, shaper
malingerer, skulker
malingerer, shammer
maltster, maltman
mandatary, mandatory
Mandaean, Mandean
maneuverer, manoeuvrer
Manichaean, Manichean
Manichaean, Manichee
mannequin, manikin
mannequin, mannikin
mannequin, manakin
mannequin, model
manikin, mannikin
manikin, homunculus
manufacturer, producer
Maquis, Maquisard
marauder, predator
marauder, vulture
marauder, piranha
marcher, parader
marchioness, marquise
Marine, leatherneck
mariner, seaman
mariner, tar
mariner, Jack-tar
mariner, Jack
mariner, seafarer
mariner, gob
marksman, sharpshooter
marquis, marquess
marshal, marshall
marshal, marshall
martinet, disciplinarian
martinet, moralist
martyr, sufferer
mason, stonemason
Masorete, Massorete
Masorete, Masorite
masquerader, masker
masquerader, masquer
master, professional
master, captain
master, skipper
masturbator, onanist
matchmaker, matcher
matriarch, materfamilias
maverick, rebel
meanie, meany
medalist, medallist
medalist, medallist
medium, spiritualist
medium, sensitive
melancholic, melancholiac
Melkite, Melchite
Melkite, Melchite
clansman, clanswoman
memorizer, memoriser
mender, repairer
mender, fixer
mensch, mensh
merchant, merchandiser
meshuggeneh, meshuggener
messenger, courier
mestizo, ladino
mezzo-soprano, mezzo
midwife, accoucheuse
migrant, migrator
mikado, tenno
militant, activist
militarist, warmonger
millenarian, millenarist
millenarian, chiliast
mime, mimer
mime, mummer
mime, pantomimer
mime, pantomimist
mimic, mimicker
miner, mineworker
misanthrope, misanthropist
missionary, missioner
missus, missis
model, poser
ideal, paragon
ideal, nonpareil
ideal, saint
ideal, apotheosis
ideal, nonesuch
ideal, nonsuch
modeler, modeller
Mogul, Moghul
Mohammedan, Muhammedan
Mohammedan, Muhammadan
monarchist, royalist
Monegasque, Monacan
monogamist, monogynist
monopolist, monopolizer
monopolist, monopoliser
monster, fiend
monster, devil
monster, demon
monster, ogre
moocher, mooch
moocher, cadger
moocher, scrounger
mortgagor, mortgager
mortician, undertaker
motorist, automobilist
mountebank, charlatan
mounter, climber
mourner, griever
mourner, sorrower
mourner, lamenter
mouthpiece, mouth
muckraker, mudslinger
muezzin, muazzin
muezzin, muadhdhin
mugwump, independent
mugwump, fencesitter
muleteer, skinner
Mullah, Mollah
Mullah, Mulla
murderer, liquidator
murderer, manslayer
muscleman, muscle
muser, muller
muser, ponderer
muser, ruminator
musician, instrumentalist
musician, player
mutant, mutation
mutant, variation
mutant, sport
mutilator, maimer
mutilator, mangler
mute, deaf-mute
mutterer, mumbler
mutterer, murmurer
muzhik, moujik
muzhik, mujik
muzhik, muzjik
mycophagist, mycophage
name, figure
nanny, nursemaid
nanny, nurse
narc, nark
narcissist, narcist
narrator, storyteller
narrator, teller
nawab, nabob
obstructionist, obstructor
obstructionist, obstructer
obstructionist, resister
obstructionist, thwarter
Nazarene, Ebionite
nebbish, nebbech
negotiator, negotiant
negotiator, treater
negotiatress, negotiatrix
neighbor, neighbour
neoconservative, neocon
neonate, newborn
neurotic, psychoneurotic
newcomer, fledgling
newcomer, fledgeling
newcomer, starter
newcomer, neophyte
newcomer, freshman
newcomer, newbie
newcomer, entrant
newlywed, honeymooner
newsagent, newsdealer
newsagent, newsvendor
niggard, skinflint
niggard, scrooge
niggard, churl
nincompoop, poop
nincompoop, ninny
nonpartisan, nonpartizan
nonperson, unperson
normalizer, normaliser
nosher, snacker
no-show, nonattender
no-show, truant
novice, beginner
novice, tyro
novice, tiro
novice, initiate
novitiate, novice
nudist, naturist
nudnik, nudnick
numismatist, numismatologist
nursling, nurseling
nursling, suckling
nutter, wacko
nutter, whacko
nymph, houri
nymphomaniac, nympho
oarsman, rower
obliger, accommodator
observer, commentator
obstetrician, accoucheur
odds-maker, handicapper
offerer, offeror
officeholder, officer
official, functionary
Federal, Fed
offspring, progeny
offspring, issue
old-timer, oldtimer
old-timer, gaffer
old-timer, antique
onlooker, looker-on
operator, manipulator
ophthalmologist, oculist
opportunist, self-seeker
opposition, opponent
opposition, opposite
optometrist, oculist
orator, speechmaker
orator, rhetorician
orator, speechifier
orderer, systematizer
orderer, systematiser
orderer, systemizer
orderer, systemiser
orderer, systematist
organizer, organiser
organizer, arranger
organizer, organiser
originator, conceiver
originator, mastermind
orthopedist, orthopaedist
osteologist, osteologer
osteopath, osteopathist
ouster, ejector
outcast, castaway
outcast, pariah
outcast, Ishmael
overlord, master
overlord, lord
overseer, superintendent
owner, proprietor
owner, possessor
pacifist, pacificist
pacifist, disarmer
packer, bagger
packer, boxer
page, varlet
page, pageboy
pain, nuisance
palatine, palsgrave
Paleo-American, Paleo-Amerind
Paleo-American, Paleo-Indian
paleographer, paleographist
paleontologist, palaeontologist
paleontologist, fossilist
pallbearer, bearer
palmist, palmister
palmist, chiromancer
pamperer, spoiler
pamperer, coddler
pamperer, mollycoddler
panelist, panellist
paperhanger, paperer
papoose, pappoose
parachutist, parachuter
paramedic, paramedical
paranoid, paranoiac
paratrooper, para
pardoner, forgiver
pardoner, excuser
parlormaid, parlourmaid
parodist, lampooner
Parsee, Parsi
partaker, sharer
partisan, zealot
partisan, drumbeater
pasha, pacha
passenger, rider
passerby, passer-by
passerby, passer
patriarch, paterfamilias
patriot, nationalist
patron, frequenter
patron, sponsor
patron, supporter
patroness, patronne
payer, remunerator
peasant, provincial
peasant, bucolic
peasant, barbarian
peasant, boor
peasant, churl
peasant, Goth
peasant, tyke
peasant, tike
pedaler, pedaller
pedant, bookworm
pedant, scholastic
peddler, pedlar
peddler, packman
peddler, hawker
peddler, pitchman
pederast, paederast
pedestrian, walker
pedestrian, footer
pedophile, paedophile
pensioner, pensionary
Pentecostal, Pentecostalist
perpetrator, culprit
embodiment, incarnation
embodiment, avatar
perspirer, sweater
persuader, inducer
pervert, deviant
pervert, deviate
pervert, degenerate
pest, blighter
pest, cuss
pest, pesterer
pest, gadfly
petitioner, suppliant
petitioner, supplicant
petitioner, requester
petter, fondler
pharmacist, druggist
pharmacist, chemist
pharmacist, apothecary
philanthropist, altruist
philhellene, philhellenist
philhellene, Graecophile
philistine, anti-intellectual
philistine, lowbrow
philologist, philologue
philosophizer, philosophiser
photographer, lensman
photometrist, photometrician
phrenologist, craniologist
pickaninny, piccaninny
pickaninny, picaninny
picker, chooser
picker, selector
pickpocket, cutpurse
pickpocket, dip
picnicker, picknicker
pillar, mainstay
pimp, procurer
pimp, panderer
pimp, pander
pimp, pandar
pimp, ponce
pinko, pink
pioneer, innovator
pioneer, trailblazer
pioneer, groundbreaker
piper, bagpiper
pip-squeak, squirt
pirate, buccaneer
pisser, urinator
pitcher, hurler
pitcher, twirler
place-kicker, placekicker
placeman, placeseeker
plagiarist, plagiarizer
plagiarist, plagiariser
plagiarist, pirate
plaintiff, complainant
planner, contriver
planner, deviser
platelayer, tracklayer
playboy, man-about-town
playboy, Corinthian
player, participant
playgoer, theatergoer
playgoer, theatregoer
playmate, playfellow
plebeian, pleb
plier, plyer
plodder, slowpoke
plodder, stick-in-the-mud
plodder, slowcoach
plodder, slogger
plotter, mapper
plowboy, ploughboy
plowman, ploughman
plowman, plower
plowwright, ploughwright
plunderer, pillager
plunderer, looter
plunderer, spoiler
plunderer, despoiler
plunderer, raider
plunderer, freebooter
polemicist, polemist
polemicist, polemic
policeman, officer
politician, politico
politician, pol
pollster, headcounter
pollster, canvasser
polluter, defiler
poltroon, craven
poltroon, recreant
pope, pontiff
popularizer, populariser
popularizer, vulgarizer
popularizer, vulgariser
portraitist, portrayer
portraitist, limner
poseur, poser
positivist, rationalist
postilion, postillion
Postimpressionist, Post-impressionist
potboy, potman
potholer, spelunker
potholer, speleologist
potholer, spelaeologist
potter, thrower
potter, ceramicist
potter, ceramist
poultryman, poulterer
power, force
powerhouse, fireball
practitioner, practician
praetor, pretor
prankster, cut-up
prankster, trickster
prankster, tricker
prankster, hoaxer
prayer, supplicant
preacher, sermonizer
preacher, sermoniser
preceptor, don
preemptor, pre-emptor
preemptor, pre-emptor
preschooler, kindergartner
preschooler, kindergartener
presenter, sponsor
president, prexy
president, chairman
president, chairwoman
president, chair
president, chairperson
prey, quarry
prey, target
principal, dealer
principal, head
printer, pressman
prisoner, captive
privateer, privateersman
prizefighter, gladiator
probationer, parolee
procrastinator, postponer
procrastinator, cunctator
proctor, monitor
procurer, securer
prodigal, profligate
prodigal, squanderer
professional, pro
professor, prof
programmer, coder
proletarian, prole
proletarian, worker
promiser, promisor
promoter, booster
promoter, plugger
proofreader, reader
propagator, disseminator
prophet, prophesier
prophet, oracle
prophet, seer
prophet, vaticinator
proposer, mover
prostitute, cocotte
prostitute, whore
prostitute, harlot
prostitute, bawd
prostitute, tart
prostitute, cyprian
prowler, sneak
prowler, stalker
proxy, placeholder
proxy, procurator
prude, puritan
pruner, trimmer
psychiatrist, head-shrinker
psychiatrist, shrink
sociopath, psychopath
psychotic, psycho
publicist, publicizer
publicist, publiciser
puller, tugger
puller, dragger
puppy, pup
pursued, chased
pursuer, chaser
pusher, shover
pusher, peddler
pusher, thruster
putterer, potterer
Pygmy, Pigmy
pygmy, pigmy
quadruplet, quad
quaker, trembler
quarreler, quarreller
quarryman, quarrier
quibbler, caviller
quibbler, caviler
quibbler, pettifogger
quintuplet, quint
quintuplet, quin
racist, racialist
radiologist, radiotherapist
raftsman, raftman
raftsman, rafter
ragamuffin, tatterdemalion
rail-splitter, splitter
raja, rajah
Rajput, Rajpoot
rake, rakehell
rake, profligate
rake, rip
rake, blood
rake, roue
rani, ranee
ranter, raver
raper, rapist
reactionary, ultraconservative
reasoner, ratiocinator
rebutter, disprover
rebutter, refuter
rebutter, confuter
recidivist, backslider
recidivist, reversionist
recidivist, repeater
record-breaker, record-holder
recruit, enlistee
redact, redactor
redact, reviser
redact, rewriter
redhead, redheader
redhead, red-header
redhead, carrottop
redneck, cracker
referee, ref
refinisher, renovator
refinisher, restorer
refinisher, preserver
reformer, reformist
reformer, crusader
reformer, meliorist
regent, trustee
registrar, record-keeper
registrar, recorder
regular, habitue
regular, fixture
reliever, fireman
reliever, allayer
reliever, comforter
anchorite, hermit
cenobite, coenobite
reporter, newsman
reporter, newsperson
repository, secretary
reprobate, miscreant
rescuer, recoverer
rescuer, saver
resident, occupant
resident, occupier
respondent, responder
respondent, answerer
restaurateur, restauranter
restrainer, controller
reveler, reveller
reveler, merrymaker
reviewer, referee
reviewer, reader
revolutionist, revolutionary
revolutionist, subversive
revolutionist, subverter
rhymer, rhymester
rhymer, versifier
rhymer, poetizer
rhymer, poetiser
Riff, Riffian
right-hander, righthander
rightist, right-winger
ringer, clone
rival, challenger
rival, competitor
rival, competition
rival, contender
riveter, rivetter
roarer, bawler
roarer, bellower
roarer, screamer
roarer, screecher
roarer, shouter
roarer, yeller
rogue, knave
rogue, rascal
rogue, rapscallion
rogue, scalawag
rogue, scallywag
rogue, varlet
Romanov, Romanoff
romanticist, romantic
roommate, roomie
roommate, roomy
ropemaker, rope-maker
ropemaker, roper
ropewalker, ropedancer
rotter, rat
rotter, skunk
rotter, stinker
rotter, stinkpot
rotter, bum
rotter, puke
rotter, crumb
rotter, lowlife
rotter, so-and-so
rotter, git
rover, scouter
rubberneck, rubbernecker
ruler, swayer
runt, shrimp
runt, peewee
runt, half-pint
saboteur, wrecker
saboteur, diversionist
sachem, sagamore
sadhu, saddhu
safebreaker, safecracker
safebreaker, cracksman
sailor, crewman
saint, angel
salesclerk, clerk
salesgirl, saleswoman
salesgirl, saleslady
salvager, salvor
sannyasi, sannyasin
sannyasi, sanyasi
Tristan, Tristram
Iseult, Isolde
Satanist, diabolist
satellite, planet
satirist, ironist
satirist, ridiculer
satyr, lecher
satyr, lech
satyr, letch
saunterer, stroller
saunterer, ambler
savage, barbarian
savior, saviour
savior, rescuer
savior, deliverer
saxophonist, saxist
scab, strikebreaker
scab, blackleg
scab, rat
scalawag, scallywag
Scaramouch, Scaramouche
scaremonger, stirrer
sceneshifter, shifter
schemer, plotter
schlemiel, shlemiel
schlepper, shlepper
schlepper, schlep
schlepper, shlep
schlimazel, shlimazel
schlockmeister, shlockmeister
schmuck, shmuck
schmuck, schmo
schmuck, shmo
schnook, shnook
schnorrer, shnorrer
scholar, bookman
scholar, student
schoolchild, pupil
schoolmarm, schoolma'am
schoolmarm, schoolmistress
schoolmarm, mistress
schoolmate, classmate
schoolmate, schoolfellow
scoffer, flouter
scoffer, mocker
scoffer, jeerer
scoffer, gorger
scold, scolder
scold, nag
scold, nagger
scorekeeper, scorer
scout, pathfinder
scout, guide
scrawler, scribbler
scribe, scribbler
scribe, penman
scrutinizer, scrutiniser
scrutineer, canvasser
sculptor, sculpturer
sculptor, carver
second-rater, mediocrity
sectarian, sectary
sectarian, sectarist
seedsman, seedman
seeker, searcher
seeker, quester
segregator, segregationist
seller, marketer
seller, vender
seller, vendor
seller, trafficker
semanticist, semiotician
seminarian, seminarist
semiprofessional, semipro
sender, transmitter
sentimentalist, romanticist
separatist, separationist
serf, helot
serf, villein
serjeant-at-law, serjeant
serjeant-at-law, sergeant-at-law
serjeant-at-law, sergeant
servant, retainer
serviceman, man
settler, colonist
settlor, trustor
sexton, sacristan
Shakespearian, Shakespearean
shanghaier, seizer
sharecropper, cropper
shedder, spiller
sheepherder, shepherd
sheepherder, sheepman
sheik, sheikh
sheika, sheikha
shiksa, shikse
shipwright, shipbuilder
shooter, crap-shooter
shopkeeper, tradesman
shopkeeper, storekeeper
shot, shooter
gunman, gun
shoveler, shoveller
showman, promoter
showman, impresario
shrew, termagant
Shudra, Sudra
shyster, pettifogger
sibling, sib
sightseer, excursionist
sightseer, tripper
sightseer, rubberneck
signaler, signaller
signer, signatory
signor, signior
silversmith, silverworker
silversmith, silver-worker
addle-head, addlehead
addle-head, loon
addle-head, birdbrain
simpleton, simple
singer, vocalist
singer, vocalizer
singer, vocaliser
sinner, evildoer
sister, sis
sissy, pantywaist
sissy, pansy
sissy, milksop
sissy, Milquetoast
waverer, vacillator
waverer, hesitator
waverer, hesitater
skeptic, sceptic
skeptic, doubter
skidder, slider
skidder, slipper
skin-diver, aquanaut
skivvy, slavey
slacker, shirker
slapper, spanker
slattern, slut
slattern, trollop
slave, striver
slaveholder, slaver
sleeper, slumberer
sleepwalker, somnambulist
sleepwalker, noctambulist
sleuth, sleuthhound
slob, sloven
slob, pig
slopseller, slop-seller
sluggard, slug
smasher, stunner
smasher, knockout
smasher, beauty
smasher, ravisher
smasher, sweetheart
smasher, peach
smasher, lulu
smasher, looker
smasher, mantrap
smasher, dish
smith, metalworker
smoothie, smoothy
smoothie, charmer
smuggler, runner
smuggler, contrabandist
smuggler, moon-curser
sneerer, scorner
sniffler, sniveler
snob, prig
snob, snot
snob, snoot
snoop, snooper
collectivist, leftist
collectivist, left-winger
socializer, socialiser
sodomite, sodomist
sodomite, sod
sodomite, bugger
softy, softie
solicitor, canvasser
son, boy
songwriter, songster
sophomore, soph
sorcerer, magician
sorcerer, wizard
sorcerer, necromancer
sorcerer, thaumaturge
sorcerer, thaumaturgist
shaman, priest-doctor
soul, psyche
sourpuss, picklepuss
sourpuss, pouter
Rebel, Reb
Rebel, Johnny
Rebel, greyback
sovereign, monarch
speaker, talker
speaker, utterer
speaker, verbalizer
speaker, verbaliser
specialist, specializer
specialist, specialiser
spectator, witness
spectator, viewer
spectator, watcher
spectator, looker
speculator, plunger
spender, disburser
spender, expender
spendthrift, spend-all
spendthrift, spender
spendthrift, scattergood
spindlelegs, spindleshanks
spinner, spinster
spitter, expectorator
splitter, divider
spoilsport, killjoy
spokesperson, interpreter
spokesperson, representative
spokesperson, voice
sport, sportsman
sport, sportswoman
sport, summercater
spouse, partner
spouse, mate
square, lame
squatter, homesteader
squatter, nester
squinter, squint-eye
squire, gallant
stableman, stableboy
stableman, groom
stableman, hostler
stableman, ostler
staggerer, totterer
staggerer, reeler
stammerer, stutterer
stamper, stomper
stamper, tramper
stamper, trampler
standardizer, standardiser
stand-in, substitute
stand-in, relief
stand-in, reliever
stand-in, backup
stand-in, fill-in
star, principal
star, lead
starter, dispatcher
statesman, solon
statistician, actuary
stay-at-home, homebody
steelmaker, steelworker
steelmaker, steelman
stenographer, amanuensis
stepbrother, half-brother
stevedore, loader
stevedore, longshoreman
stevedore, docker
stevedore, dockhand
stevedore, dockworker
stevedore, dock-walloper
stevedore, lumper
stewardess, hostess
stifler, smotherer
stigmatic, stigmatist
stocktaker, stock-taker
stockholder, shareholder
stockholder, shareowner
stoker, fireman
stonecutter, cutter
stoner, lapidator
storyteller, fibber
storyteller, fabricator
straggler, strayer
stranger, alien
stranger, unknown
strategist, strategian
streetwalker, hooker
streetwalker, hustler
streetwalker, floozy
streetwalker, floozie
streetwalker, slattern
stretcher-bearer, litter-bearer
stripper, striptease
stripper, stripteaser
stripper, ecdysiast
stripper, peeler
stripper, stemmer
stripper, sprigger
stud, he-man
stud, macho-man
student, pupil
student, educatee
stumblebum, palooka
stumbler, tripper
stupid, stupe
stupid, dullard
stupid, dolt
stupid, pudden-head
stupid, pillock
subduer, surmounter
subduer, overcomer
subject, case
subordinate, subsidiary
subordinate, underling
subscriber, contributor
subscriber, reader
subscriber, endorser
subscriber, indorser
subscriber, ratifier
subsidizer, subsidiser
substitute, reserve
substitute, second-stringer
subvocalizer, subvocaliser
successor, heir
successor, replacement
succorer, succourer
suer, petitioner
suggester, proposer
suicide, felo-de-se
suitor, suer
suitor, wooer
supergrass, grass
superintendent, super
superior, higher-up
superior, superordinate
supermarketer, supermarketeer
supernumerary, extra
supplier, provider
supporter, protagonist
supporter, champion
supporter, admirer
supporter, booster
supporter, friend
suppressor, suppresser
surfer, surfboarder
surgeon, sawbones
surrenderer, yielder
surrogate, alternate
surrogate, replacement
survivor, subsister
sutler, victualer
sutler, victualler
sutler, provisioner
swagman, swagger
swagman, swaggie
sweetheart, sweetie
sweetheart, steady
sweetheart, truelove
swimmer, natator
swimmer, bather
swineherd, pigman
swinger, tramp
switcher, whipper
swot, grind
swot, nerd
swot, wonk
swot, dweeb
sycophant, toady
sycophant, crawler
sycophant, lackey
sycophant, ass-kisser
syllogist, syllogizer
syllogist, syllogiser
sylvan, silvan
symbolist, symbolizer
symbolist, symboliser
sympathizer, sympathiser
sympathizer, well-wisher
sympathizer, sympathiser
sympathizer, comforter
synthesist, synthesizer
synthesist, synthesiser
tagalong, hanger-on
tail, shadow
tail, shadower
tailor, seamster
tailor, sartor
tantalizer, tantaliser
tapper, wiretapper
tapster, tapper
Tartuffe, Tartufe
taster, taste-tester
taster, sampler
tattletale, tattler
tattletale, taleteller
tattletale, talebearer
tattletale, telltale
tattletale, blabbermouth
taxidermist, stuffer
taxidriver, taximan
taxidriver, cabdriver
taxidriver, cabman
taxidriver, cabby
taxidriver, hack-driver
taxonomist, taxonomer
taxonomist, systematist
teacher, instructor
teammate, mate
teamster, trucker
tease, teaser
tease, annoyer
tease, vexer
techie, tekki
teetotaler, teetotaller
teetotaler, teetotalist
telegrapher, telegraphist
telepathist, thought-reader
teller, cashier
tellurian, earthling
tellurian, earthman
tellurian, worldling
temp, temporary
temporizer, temporiser
tenant, renter
terror, brat
terror, scourge
terror, threat
testator, testate
testee, examinee
testifier, deponent
testifier, deposer
theologian, theologist
theologian, theologizer
theologian, theologiser
theorist, theoretician
theorist, theorizer
theorist, theoriser
theorist, idealogue
therapist, healer
thief, stealer
thinker, mind
throwster, thrower
timekeeper, timer
tinker, tinkerer
tinkerer, fiddler
tinsmith, tinner
tipster, tout
titterer, giggler
toaster, wassailer
toastmaster, symposiarch
toddler, yearling
toddler, tot
toddler, bambino
toff, nob
tollkeeper, tollman
tollkeeper, tollgatherer
tollkeeper, toller
toller, ringer
tomboy, romp
tomboy, hoyden
tormentor, tormenter
tormentor, persecutor
tort-feasor, tortfeasor
tosser, jerk-off
tosser, wanker
tourist, tourer
tourist, holidaymaker
tout, touter
tovarich, tovarisch
townsman, towner
townie, towny
trader, bargainer
trader, dealer
trader, monger
traditionalist, diehard
trainman, railroader
trainman, railwayman
traitor, treasonist
tramp, hobo
tramp, bum
transfer, transferee
transferer, transferrer
translator, transcriber
transsexual, transexual
transsexual, transexual
transvestite, cross-dresser
Trappist, Cistercian
trend-setter, taste-maker
trier, attempter
trier, essayer
Trotskyite, Trotskyist
Trotskyite, Trot
troublemaker, troubler
troublemaker, mischief-maker
trudger, plodder
trudger, slogger
trumpeter, cornetist
twerp, twirp
twerp, twit
twiddler, fiddler
tympanist, timpanist
tyrant, autocrat
tyrant, despot
umpire, ump
underachiever, underperformer
underachiever, nonachiever
undergraduate, undergrad
understudy, standby
undoer, opener
undoer, unfastener
undoer, untier
untouchable, Harijan
upbraider, reprover
upbraider, reproacher
upbraider, rebuker
upholder, maintainer
upholder, sustainer
upstart, parvenu
upstart, nouveau-riche
upstart, arriviste
usher, guide
usher, doorkeeper
usurer, moneylender
usurer, shylock
usurper, supplanter
utilizer, utiliser
utterer, vocalizer
utterer, vocaliser
uxor, ux.
vacationer, vacationist
vagrant, drifter
vagrant, floater
vagrant, vagabond
valet, gentleman
valet, man
vassal, liege
vassal, liegeman
vassal, feudatory
venturer, merchant-venturer
vermin, varmint
veteran, old-timer
veteran, oldtimer
veteran, warhorse
veteran, stager
veteran, vet
veteran, ex-serviceman
veterinarian, veterinary
veterinarian, vet
vibist, vibraphonist
viceroy, vicereine
victim, dupe
victimizer, victimiser
victor, master
victor, superior
victualer, victualler
villain, scoundrel
villain, baddie
vintner, winemaker
violator, debaucher
violator, ravisher
violator, lawbreaker
violinist, fiddler
Visayan, Bisayan
visionary, illusionist
visionary, seer
visitor, visitant
visualizer, visualiser
vixen, harpy
vixen, hellcat
volunteer, voluntary
voluptuary, sybarite
vomiter, spewer
voter, elector
voucher, verifier
voyeur, peeper
vulcanizer, vulcaniser
vulgarizer, vulgariser
wag, wit
wag, card
wagoner, waggoner
wagonwright, waggonwright
wagonwright, wainwright
Wahhabi, Wahabi
waiter, server
waker, rouser
waker, arouser
wallpaperer, wall-paperer
wanderer, roamer
wanderer, rover
wanter, needer
warehouser, warehouseman
washerman, laundryman
washwoman, washerwoman
washwoman, laundrywoman
washwoman, laundress
wassailer, carouser
wastrel, waster
watchmaker, horologist
watchmaker, horologer
watchman, watcher
watercolorist, watercolourist
wayfarer, journeyer
weakling, doormat
weakling, wuss
weeper, crier
weightlifter, lifter
welcher, welsher
wheedler, coaxer
wheelwright, wheeler
whiner, complainer
whiner, moaner
whiner, sniveller
whiner, crybaby
whiner, bellyacher
whiner, grumbler
whiner, squawker
whippersnapper, jackanapes
whippersnapper, lightweight
Dominican, Blackfriar
whoremaster, whoremonger
whoremaster, whoremonger
whoremaster, john
whoremaster, trick
Wiccan, witch
widower, widowman
wiggler, wriggler
wiggler, squirmer
wimp, chicken
wimp, crybaby
winner, victor
wireman, wirer
witness, witnesser
witness, informant
witness, attestant
witness, attestor
witness, attestator
wolf, masher
womanizer, womaniser
womanizer, philanderer
wonderer, marveller
woodcarver, carver
woodworker, woodsman
woodworker, woodman
woodsman, woodman
workman, workingman
worm, louse
worm, insect
worrier, fuss-budget
worrier, fusspot
worrier, worrywart
worshiper, worshipper
wrestler, grappler
wrestler, matman
writer, author
yachtsman, yachtswoman
yanker, jerker
Yankee, Yank
Yankee, Northerner
yardmaster, trainmaster
yeoman, beefeater
yokel, rube
yokel, hick
yokel, yahoo
yokel, hayseed
yokel, bumpkin
yokel, chawbacon
zombi, zombie
zombi, zombie
zombi, zombie
Abraham, Ibrahim
Akhenaton, Akhenaten
Akhenaton, Ikhanaton
Alhazen, Alhacen
Alhazen, al-Haytham
Allen, Gracie
Antigonus, Monophthalmos
Antoninus, Aurelius
Antony, Anthony
Antony, Antonius
Arminius, Armin
Arminius, Hermann
Armstrong, Satchmo
Ashurbanipal, Assurbanipal
Ashurbanipal, Asurbanipal
Augustus, Octavian
Averroes, ibn-Roshd
Avicenna, ibn-Sina
Balthazar, Balthasar
Bede, Baeda
Bede, Beda
Bellarmine, Bellarmino
Bering, Behring
Berra, Yogi
Boehme, Bohme
Boehme, Boehm
Boehme, Behmen
Boniface, Winfred
Boniface, Wynfrith
Bridget, Brigid
Bridget, Bride
Browne, Phiz
Brueghel, Breughel
Brueghel, Bruegel
Burk, Burke
Bush, Dubyuh
Bush, Dubya
Caligula, Gaius
Canute, Cnut
Canute, Knut
Capone, Scarface
Carroll, Dodgson
Caspar, Gaspar
Charlemagne, Carolus
Charlemagne, Charles
Chekhov, Chekov
Cicero, Tully
Confucius, Kongfuze
Cordoba, Cordova
Cortes, Cortez
Cromwell, Ironsides
Cynewulf, Cynwulf
Davys, Davis
Dekker, Decker
Dias, Diaz
Dinesen, Blixen
Dostoyevsky, Dostoevski
Dostoyevsky, Dostoevsky
Dowding, Dowdy
Edwy, Eadwig
Eisenhower, Ike
Endecott, Endicott
Ezekiel, Ezechiel
Fallopius, Fallopio
Fatima, Fatimah
Faulkner, Falkner
Genseric, Gaiseric
Goring, Goering
Gorky, Gorki
Gregory, Hildebrand
Guarneri, Guarnieri
Guarneri, Guarnerius
Guarneri, Guarnieri
Guarneri, Guarnerius
Guinevere, Guenevere
Gwynn, Gywn
Gwynn, Gynne
Hadrian, Adrian
Haggai, Aggeus
Hammurabi, Hammurapi
Hawkins, Hawkyns
Heming, Hemminge
Hero, Heron
Hezekiah, Ezekias
Huss, Hus
Hussein, Husain
Hussein, Husayn
Hussein, Husain
Hussein, Husayn
Hussein, Saddam
Jaffar, Jafar
Jerome, Hieronymus
Jesus, Christ
Jesus, Savior
Jesus, Saviour
Jesus, Redeemer
Jesus, Deliverer
Johnson, LBJ
Joliot, Joliot-Curie
Jolliet, Joliet
Jude, Judas
Jude, Thaddaeus
Kandinsky, Kandinski
Kennedy, JFK
Konoe, Konoye
Kosciusko, Kosciuszko
Kyd, Kid
Laffite, Lafitte
Lamb, Elia
Lao-tzu, Lao-tse
Lao-tzu, Lao-zi
Lawrence, Laurentius
Ledbetter, Leadbelly
Leibniz, Leibnitz
Leuwenhoek, Leeuwenhoek
Lully, Lulli
Lytton, Bulwer-Lytton
Malachi, Malachias
Mandelstam, Mandelshtam
Marini, Marino
Markov, Markoff
Marx, Groucho
Marx, Chico
Marx, Harpo
Marx, Zeppo
Mary, Madonna
Matthew, Levi
Maximian, Herculius
Mendeleyev, Mendeleev
Metchnikoff, Metchnikov
Micah, Micheas
Minuit, Minnewit
Mohammed, Mohammad
Mohammed, Muhammad
Mohammed, Mahomet
Mohammed, Mahound
Muller, Regiomontanus
Munchhausen, Munchausen
Munro, Saki
Mussorgsky, Moussorgsky
Naomi, Noemi
Napoleon, Bonaparte
Sanchez, Carlos
Sanchez, Salim
Sanchez, Taurus
Nebuchadnezzar, Nebuchadrezzar
Neruda, Reyes
Obadiah, Abdias
Occam, Ockham
Odoacer, Odovacar
Odoacer, Odovakar
Oken, Okenfuss
Pahlavi, Pahlevi
Paul, Saul
Percy, Hotspur
Petrarch, Petrarca
Phidias, Pheidias
Phintias, Pythias
Pocahontas, Matoaka
Potemkin, Potyokin
Powhatan, Wahunsonacock
Qaddafi, Qadhafi
Qaddafi, Khadafy
Qaddafi, Gaddafi
Rachmaninoff, Rachmaninov
Raleigh, Ralegh
Rameses, Ramesses
Rameses, Ramses
Rebecca, Rebekah
Rimsky-Korsakov, Rimski-Korsakov
Roentgen, Rontgen
Rollo, Rolf
Rollo, Hrolf
Roosevelt, FDR
Russell, A.E.
Sacagawea, Sacajawea
Schonberg, Schoenberg
Selkirk, Selcraig
Sequoya, Sequoyah
Shakespeare, Shakspere
Starr, Starkey
Stradivari, Stradivarius
Swedenborg, Svedberg
Tamerlane, Tamburlaine
Tamerlane, Timur
Tarquin, Tarquinius
Teach, Thatch
Teach, Blackbeard
Tecumseh, Tecumtha
Teresa, Theresa
Trevino, Supermex
Tyndale, Tindale
Tyndale, Tindal
Ulfilas, Ulfila
Ulfilas, Wulfila
Ussher, Usher
Verrazano, Verrazzano
Virgil, Vergil
Voltaire, Arouet
Warwick, Kingmaker
Wyatt, Wyat
Wycliffe, Wickliffe
Wycliffe, Wyclif
Wycliffe, Wiclif
Zaharias, Didrikson
Zechariah, Zacharias
Zephaniah, Sophonias
Zoroaster, Zarathustra
metempsychosis, rebirth
allotropy, allotropism
photoconductivity, photoconduction
crystallization, crystallisation
crystallization, crystallizing
efflorescence, bloom
consequence, effect
consequence, outcome
consequence, result
consequence, event
consequence, issue
consequence, upshot
aftermath, wake
aftermath, backwash
by-product, byproduct
impact, wallop
outgrowth, branch
outgrowth, offshoot
outgrowth, offset
repercussion, reverberation
luck, fortune
luck, chance
luck, hazard
luck, fortune
aberration, distortion
abiogenesis, autogenesis
abiogenesis, autogeny
slipstream, airstream
slipstream, race
slipstream, backwash
slipstream, wash
metagenesis, digenesis
aureole, corona
beam, ray
beam, shaft
beam, irradiation
beam, ray
bise, bize
breeze, zephyr
breeze, air
capacitance, capacity
catastrophe, cataclysm
cross-link, cross-linkage
freeze, frost
counterglow, gegenschein
fohn, foehn
cyclosis, streaming
decay, decomposition
deposit, sedimentation
deposit, alluviation
desquamation, peeling
desquamation, shedding
lode, load
condensation, condensate
drift, impetus
drift, impulsion
southwester, sou'wester
southeaster, sou'easter
flood, inundation
flood, deluge
flood, alluvion
friction, rubbing
grinding, abrasion
grinding, attrition
grinding, detrition
grip, traction
northeaster, noreaster
radiance, glow
radiance, glowing
gravity, gravitation
gust, blast
gust, blow
incandescence, glow
induction, inductance
leverage, purchase
trajectory, flight
thaw, thawing
thaw, warming
bolide, fireball
moonbeam, moon-ray
moonlight, moonshine
moonlight, Moon
sunlight, sunshine
sunlight, sun
sunbeam, sunray
necrosis, mortification
necrosis, gangrene
necrosis, sphacelus
parhelion, sundog
radiopacity, radio-opacity
polarization, polarisation
depolarization, depolarisation
polymorphism, pleomorphism
precipitation, downfall
puff, whiff
push, thrust
rain, rainfall
downpour, cloudburst
downpour, deluge
downpour, waterspout
downpour, torrent
downpour, pelter
downpour, soaker
drizzle, mizzle
reflection, reflexion
rejuvenation, greening
scattering, sprinkle
scattering, sprinkling
simoom, simoon
simoom, samiel
smoke, fume
snow, snowfall
snowflake, flake
blizzard, snowstorm
sunspot, macula
discharge, spark
discharge, arc
conduction, conductivity
thunderbolt, bolt
tornado, twister
torsion, torque
tossup, toss-up
tramontane, tramontana
transparency, transparence
turbulence, turbulency
ultraviolet, UV
sunray, sun-ray
draft, draught
voltage, emf
weather, conditions
flotation, floatation
cap, pileus
cleistothecium, cleistocarp
Bryopsida, Musci
Hepaticopsida, Hepaticae
liverwort, hepatic
Sphaerocarpus, Sphaerocarpos
conidium, conidiospore
spermatophyte, phanerogam
Gymnospermae, Gymnospermophyta
Gnetopsida, Gnetophytina
Gnetopsida, Gnetophyta
Cycadopsida, Cycadophytina
Cycadopsida, Cycadophyta
Cycadofilicales, Lyginopteridales
Pteridospermae, Pteridospermaphyta
Coniferopsida, Coniferophytina
Coniferopsida, Coniferophyta
Pinopsida, Pinophytina
pinon, pinyon
cedar, cedarwood
sequoia, redwood
sandarac, sandarach
sandarac, citronwood
kauri, kaury
tarwood, tar-wood
tarwood, tar-wood
Saxe-gothea, Saxegothea
Taxopsida, Taxophytina
Ginkgopsida, Ginkgophytina
ginkgo, gingko
Angiospermae, Magnoliophyta
Angiospermae, Anthophyta
Dicotyledones, Dicotyledonae
Dicotyledones, Magnoliopsida
dicot, dicotyledon
dicot, magnoliopsid
dicot, exogen
Monocotyledones, Monocotyledonae
Monocotyledones, Liliopsida
monocot, monocotyledon
monocot, liliopsid
monocot, endogen
flower, bloom
flower, blossom
floret, floweret
catkin, ament
funicle, funiculus
stoma, stomate
stoma, pore
testa, episperm
cone, strobilus
cone, strobile
epicarp, exocarp
stone, pit
stone, endocarp
silique, siliqua
megasporangium, macrosporangium
megaspore, macrospore
archespore, archesporium
epicalyx, calycle
epicalyx, calyculus
perianth, chlamys
perianth, perigone
perianth, perigonium
Ranales, Ranunculales
pawpaw, papaw
Cananga, Canangium
ilang-ilang, ylang-ylang
tulipwood, whitewood
water-shield, fanwort
water-shield, water-target
peony, paeony
buttercup, butterflower
buttercup, butter-flower
buttercup, crowfoot
buttercup, goldcup
buttercup, kingcup
monkshood, helmetflower
wolfsbane, wolfbane
baneberry, cohosh
anemone, windflower
columbine, aquilegia
columbine, aquilege
hepatica, liverleaf
Pseudowintera, Wintera
bayberry, candleberry
bayberry, waxberry
bulrush, bullrush
Leguminosae, Fabaceae
cocuswood, cocoswood
Coumarouna, Dipteryx
melilotus, melilot
clover, trefoil
huisache, cassie
coralwood, coral-wood
albizzia, albizia
Pithecellobium, Pithecolobium
cat's-claw, catclaw
mesquite, mesquit
algarroba, algarrobilla
algarroba, algarobilla
Acocanthera, Acokanthera
Mandevilla, Dipladenia
Plumeria, Plumiera
frangipani, frangipanni
rauwolfia, rauvolfia
arum, aroid
cuckoopint, lords-and-ladies
cuckoopint, jack-in-the-pulpit
anthurium, tailflower
anthurium, tail-flower
jack-in-the-pulpit, wake-robin
taro, dalo
taro, dasheen
taro, cocoyam
taro, dasheen
taro, eddo
Lysichiton, Lysichitum
yautia, tannia
yautia, spoonflower
yautia, malanga
ginseng, nin-sin
heartleaf, heart-leaf
heartleaf, heart-leaf
Caryophyllales, Chenopodiales
Caryophyllales, order-Chenopodiales
snow-in-summer, love-in-a-mist
carnation, gillyflower
lychnis, catchfly
pearlwort, pearlweed
pearlwort, pearl-weed
knawel, knawe
silene, campion
silene, catchfly
stitchwort, starwort
Aizoaceae, Tetragoniaceae
lithops, stoneface
lithops, stone-face
prince's-feather, gentleman's-cane
prince's-feather, prince's-plume
lamb's-quarters, pigweed
good-king-henry, allgood
orach, orache
Bassia, Kochia
mangel-wurzel, mangold-wurzel
mangel-wurzel, mangold
glasswort, samphire
saltwort, barilla
saltwort, glasswort
saltwort, kali
saltwort, kelpwort
Nyctaginaceae, Allioniaceae
saguaro, sahuaro
mescal, mezcal
mescal, peyote
Pereskia, Peireskia
poke, garget
poke, scoke
bloodberry, rougeberry
pussy-paw, pussy-paws
pussy-paw, pussy's-paw
Rhoeadales, Papaverales
spiderflower, cleome
Cruciferae, Brassicaceae
alyssum, madwort
kale, kail
kale, cole
kale, borecole
kale, colewort
rutabaga, swede
rape, colza
crinkleroot, crinkle-root
crinkleroot, toothwort
rocket, roquette
rocket, arugula
honesty, satinpod
stock, gillyflower
radish, daikon
fringepod, lacepod
celandine, swallowwort
fumewort, fumeroot
bloodroot, puccoon
bloodroot, redroot
bloodroot, tetterwort
fumitory, fumewort
fumitory, fumeroot
Compositae, Asteraceae
yarrow, milfoil
ragweed, ambrosia
ragweed, bitterweed
pellitory, pellitory-of-Spain
burdock, clotbur
tarragon, estragon
cornflower, bluebottle
star-thistle, caltrop
chamomile, camomile
chicory, succory
endive, witloof
mistflower, mist-flower
mistflower, ageratum
horseweed, fleabane
coreopsis, tickseed
coreopsis, tickweed
coreopsis, tick-weed
cosmos, cosmea
hawk's-beard, hawk's-beards
leopard's-bane, leopardbane
brittlebush, incienso
boneset, agueweed
boneset, thoroughwort
gumweed, tarweed
gumweed, rosinweed
matchweed, matchbush
rabbitweed, rabbit-weed
rabbitweed, snakeweed
broomweed, broom-weed
sunflower, helianthus
heliopsis, oxeye
Hypochaeris, Hypochoeris
cat's-ear, capeweed
cat's-ear, gosmore
daisybush, daisy-bush
Onopordum, Onopordon
oxtongue, bitterweed
oxtongue, bugloss
butterweed, ragwort
ragwort, ragweed
ragwort, benweed
costmary, alecost
dandelion, blowball
crownbeard, crown-beard
ironweed, vernonia
cocklebur, cockle-bur
cocklebur, cockleburr
cocklebur, cockle-burr
samara, key
bur, burr
campanula, bellflower
harebell, bluebell
puttyroot, adam-and-eve
calypso, fairy-slipper
cymbid, cymbidium
tongueflower, tongue-flower
primrose, primula
cowslip, paigle
oxlip, paigle
featherfoil, feather-foil
coralberry, spiceberry
barbasco, joewood
Gramineae, Graminaceae
Gramineae, Poaceae
shortgrass, short-grass
tallgrass, tall-grass
herbage, pasturage
wheatgrass, wheat-grass
bent, bent-grass
toetoe, toitoi
brome, bromegrass
chess, cheat
grama, gramma
sandbur, sandspur
darnel, tare
darnel, cheat
dallisgrass, paspalum
munj, munja
durra, doura
durra, dourah
feterita, federita
sorgo, sorgho
dropseed, drop-seed
corn, maize
galingale, galangal
nutgrass, nutsedge
cat's-tail, bullrush
cat's-tail, bulrush
cat's-tail, nailrod
cat's-tail, reedmace
grain, caryopsis
zucchini, courgette
bryony, briony
cantaloupe, cantaloup
loofa, loofah
loofa, luffa
okra, gumbo
okra, lady's-finger
velvetleaf, velvet-leaf
velvetleaf, velvetweed
velvetleaf, butter-print
althea, althaea
althea, hollyhock
kenaf, kanaf
kenaf, bimli
roselle, rozelle
roselle, sorrel
mahoe, majagua
mahoe, mahagua
mahoe, balibago
mahoe, purau
flower-of-an-hour, flowers-of-an-hour
lacebark, ribbonwood
lacebark, houhere
durian, durion
makomako, wineberry
breakax, breakaxe
breakax, break-axe
kurrajong, currajong
Fremontodendron, Fremontia
Heritiera, Terrietia
obeche, obechi
obeche, arere
obeche, samba
linden, basswood
linden, lime
basswood, linden
honeyflower, honey-flower
needlewood, needle-wood
needlebush, needle-bush
honeyflower, honey-flower
briarwood, brierwood
briarwood, brier-wood
madrona, madrono
madrona, manzanita
heather, ling
heather, broom
teaberry, wintergreen
teaberry, checkerberry
teaberry, groundberry
teaberry, ground-berry
salal, shallon
dangleberry, dangle-berry
maleberry, he-huckleberry
farkleberry, sparkleberry
bilberry, whortleberry
bilberry, whinberry
bilberry, blaeberry
grouseberry, grouse-berry
cowberry, lingonberry
cowberry, lingenberry
cowberry, lingberry
cowberry, foxberry
galax, galaxy
galax, wandflower
galax, beetleweed
galax, coltsfoot
pyxie, pixie
pyxie, pixy
wintergreen, pyrola
beech, beechwood
hazelnut, hazel
cobnut, filbert
columbo, deer's-ear
columbo, deer's-ears
shagbark, shellbark
Myrtales, Thymelaeales
dhawa, dhava
silverberry, silverbush
silverberry, silver-bush
Haloragidaceae, Haloragaceae
Myrciaria, Myrcia
gumwood, gum
eucalyptus, eucalypt
fireweed, wickup
lady's-eardrop, ladies'-eardrop
lady's-eardrop, lady's-eardrops
lady's-eardrop, ladies'-eardrops
leatherwood, moosewood
leatherwood, moose-wood
leatherwood, wicopy
leatherwood, ropebark
Melastomataceae, Melastomaceae
achira, arrowroot
shellflower, shall-flower
cardamom, cardamon
Parietales, Hypericales
Guttiferae, Clusiaceae
papaya, papaia
papaya, pawpaw
labdanum, ladanum
helianthemum, sunrose
frostweed, frost-weed
frostweed, frostwort
ketembilla, kitembilla
ketembilla, kitambilla
Hydnocarpus, Taraktagenos
Hydnocarpus, Taraktogenos
chaulmoogra, chaulmugra
ocotillo, coachwhip
ramie, ramee
Helxine, Soleirolia
pellitory-of-the-wall, pellitory
richweed, clearweed
cannabis, hemp
marijuana, marihuana
marijuana, ganja
hop, hops
banyan, banian
pipal, pipul
pipal, peepul
trumpetwood, trumpet-wood
trumpetwood, imbauba
elm, elmwood
iris, flag
iris, fleur-de-lis
orrisroot, orris
gladiolus, gladiola
gladiolus, glad
Turk's-cap, martagon
shallot, eschalot
leek, scallion
chives, chive
chives, cive
chives, schnittlaugh
kniphofia, tritoma
kniphofia, flame-flower
kniphofia, flameflower
Camassia, Quamassia
camas, camass
camas, quamash
camas, camosh
camas, camash
Hostaceae, Funkaceae
Hosta, Funka
scilla, squill
trillium, wake-robin
bullbrier, greenbrier
bullbrier, catbrier
bullbrier, horse-brier
bullbrier, brier
bullbrier, briar
strawflower, cornflower
maguey, cantala
Dracenaceae, Dracaenaceae
soapweed, soap-weed
brazilwood, peachwood
brazilwood, peach-wood
carob, algarroba
carob, algarroba
Haematoxylum, Haematoxylon
logwood, campeachy
tamarind, tamarindo
Amphicarpaea, Amphicarpa
angelim, andelmin
dhak, dak
dhak, palas
chickpea, garbanzo
crotalaria, rattlebox
sissoo, sissu
sissoo, sisham
woodwaxen, dyer's-broom
woodwaxen, dyeweed
woodwaxen, greenweed
woodwaxen, whin
woodwaxen, woadwaxen
chanar, chanal
soy, soya
soy, soybean
soy, soja
soy, soybean
licorice, liquorice
Kennedia, Kennedya
lupine, lupin
medic, medick
medic, trefoil
alfalfa, lucerne
sainfoin, sanfoin
sainfoin, esparcet
restharrow, rest-harrow
restharrow, rest-harrow
locoweed, crazyweed
padauk, padouk
padauk, amboyna
retem, raetam
retem, juniper
gorse, furze
gorse, whin
snailflower, snail-flower
wisteria, wistaria
Palmae, Palmaceae
Palmae, Arecaceae
grugru, gri-gri
grugru, macamba
palmyra, lontar
coconut, coco
caranday, caranda
Nipa, Nypa
Raffia, Raphia
jupati, jupaty
fleawort, psyllium
prince's-feather, kiss-me-over-the-garden-gate
prince's-feather, prince's-plume
dock, sorrel
Xyridales, Commelinales
spiderwort, dayflower
pickerelweed, wampee
Naiadales, Alismales
Naiadaceae, Najadaceae
Naias, Najas
Hydrocharitaceae, Hydrocharidaceae
frogbit, frog's-bit
Elodea, pondweed
Elodea, ditchmoss
Scheuchzeriaceae, Juncaginaceae
rose, rosebush
hip, rosehip
sweetbrier, sweetbriar
sweetbrier, brier
sweetbrier, briar
sweetbrier, eglantine
brier, brierpatch
agrimonia, agrimony
Juneberry, serviceberry
Juneberry, shadbush
Juneberry, shadblow
hawthorn, haw
whitethorn, may
toyon, tollon
toyon, Christmasberry
cinquefoil, five-finger
silverweed, goose-tansy
gean, mazzard
blackthorn, sloe
Pyracantha, pyracanth
Pyracantha, firethorn
salmonberry, thimbleberry
cloudberry, bakeapple
cloudberry, salmonberry
spirea, spiraea
cinchona, chinchona
cleavers, clivers
cleavers, catchweed
partridgeberry, boxberry
partridgeberry, twinberry
lemonwood, lemon-wood
snowberry, waxberry
bourtree, elderberry
teasel, teazel
teasel, teasle
scabious, scabiosa
jewelweed, celandine
jewelweed, touch-me-not
Erythroxylon, Erythroxylum
chinaberry, pride-of-India
chinaberry, azederach
chinaberry, azedarach
neem, margosa
neem, arishth
oxalis, sorrel
oca, oka
pomelo, pummelo
pomelo, shaddock
rangpur, lemanderin
fraxinella, dittany
kumquat, cumquat
Hercules'-club, Hercules'-clubs
Hercules'-club, Hercules-club
quassia, bitterwood
Eucarya, Fusanus
quandong, quandang
longan, lungen
longan, longanberry
litchi, lichee
Melicoccus, Melicocca
rambutan, rambotan
pulasan, pulassan
box, boxwood
bittersweet, waxwork
cyrilla, leatherwood
moosewood, moose-wood
bearberry, winterberry
inkberry, gallberry
inkberry, gall-berry
mastic, lentisk
sumac, sumach
sumac, shumac
squawbush, squaw-bush
squawbush, skunkbush
mombin, jocote
buckeye, conker
marblewood, marble-wood
marblewood, marble-wood
satinleaf, caimitillo
balata, beefwood
rose-root, midsummer-men
orpine, orpin
orpine, livelong
orpine, live-forever
saxifrage, breakstone
saxifrage, rockfoil
spirea, spiraea
Darmera, Peltiphyllum
alumroot, alumbloom
miterwort, mitrewort
parnassia, grass-of-Parnassus
foamflower, coolwart
sycamore, lacewood
skunkweed, skunk-weed
borage, tailwort
bugloss, alkanet
Hackelia, Lappula
comfrey, cumfrey
scorpionweed, phacelia
Labiatae, Lamiaceae
bugle, bugleweed
Lepechinia, Sphacele
gipsywort, gypsywort
oregano, marjoram
catmint, catnip
patchouli, patchouly
patchouli, pachouli
Pycnanthemum, Koellia
sage, salvia
Satureja, Satureia
skullcap, helmetflower
sesame, benne
sesame, benni
sesame, benny
calceolaria, slipperwort
Castilleja, Castilleia
shellflower, shell-flower
shellflower, turtlehead
shellflower, snakehead
shellflower, snake-head
foxglove, digitalis
toadflax, butter-and-eggs
veronica, speedwell
eggplant, aubergine
eggplant, brinjal
capsicum, pepper
cayenne, jalapeno
Lycopersicon, Lycopersicum
cupflower, nierembergia
tomatillo, jamberry
tomatillo, miltomate
tomatillo, jamberry
verbena, vervain
teak, teakwood
snow-on-the-mountain, snow-in-summer
cassava, casava
cassava, manioc
Jewbush, Jew-bush
camellia, camelia
Umbelliferae, Apiaceae
angelica, angelique
astrantia, masterwort
coriander, cilantro
eryngo, eringo
sanicle, snakeroot
Alexander, Alexanders
dogwood, cornel
bunchberry, crackerberry
cutch, kutch
nardoo, nardo
dead-man's-fingers, dead-men's-fingers
earthball, puffball
Tulostomaceae, Tulostomataceae
Tulostoma, Tulestoma
Zygomycota, Zygomycotina
Myxomycota, Gymnomycota
Mastigomycota, Mastigomycotina
truffle, earthnut
truffle, earth-ball
archil, orchil
crottle, crottal
crottle, crotal
Deuteromycota, Deuteromycotina
Basidiomycota, Basidiomycotina
chanterelle, chantarelle
gill, lamella
Ascomycota, Ascomycotina
Eurotiales, Aspergillales
Gasteromycetes, Gastromycetes
gasteromycete, gastromycete
Jew's-ear, Jew's-ears
mold, mould
crop, harvest
nodule, tubercle
spine, thorn
spine, prickle
spine, pricker
spine, sticker
spine, spikelet
glochidium, glochid
hair, fuzz
hair, tomentum
sporophyll, sporophyl
theca, sac
veil, velum
annulus, skirt
antherozoid, spermatozoid
pulp, flesh
heartwood, duramen
vein, nervure
midrib, midvein
phloem, bast
cirrus, cirrhus
shrub, bush
subshrub, suffrutex
hemiparasite, semiparasite
hemiepiphyte, semiepiphyte
autophyte, autotroph
cutting, slip
stolon, runner
stolon, offset
crown, treetop
rhizome, rootstock
rhizome, rootstalk
stalk, stem
cladode, cladophyll
cladode, phylloclad
cladode, phylloclade
stock, caudex
petiole, leafstalk
pedicel, pedicle
thyrse, thyrsus
ear, spike
ear, capitulum
capitulum, head
bulbil, bulblet
kernel, meat
pod, seedpod
pyxidium, pyxis
pod, cod
pod, seedcase
redberry, red-berry
jujube, Christ's-thorn
Vitaceae, Vitidaceae
grape, grapevine
muscat, muskat
leaf, leafage
leaf, foliage
greenery, verdure
pinna, pinnule
bracteole, bractlet
tapa, tappa
haulm, halm
branchlet, twig
branchlet, sprig
withe, withy
trunk, bole
Filicopsida, Filicinae
Filicales, Polypodiales
bracken, brake
Dryopteridaceae, Athyriaceae
Matteuccia, Pteretis
Polybotrya, Polybotria
Psilopsida, Psilotatae
Sphenopsida, Equisetatae
Lycopsida, Lycopodiate
earthtongue, earth-tongue
milkweed, silkweed
soma, haoma
proprietorship, proprietary
property, belongings
property, holding
ratables, rateables
chattel, movable
estate, land
estate, acres
estate, demesne
spiritualty, spirituality
temporalty, temporality
lease, rental
lease, letting
sublease, sublet
fief, feoff
pile, bundle
pile, megabucks
stuff, clobber
seigneury, seigniory
seigneury, signory
accession, addition
bargain, buy
bargain, steal
grant, assignment
appanage, apanage
gross, revenue
gross, receipts
killing, cleanup
winnings, win
winnings, profits
return, issue
return, take
return, takings
return, proceeds
return, yield
return, payoff
loot, booty
loot, pillage
loot, plunder
loot, prize
loot, swag
inheritance, heritage
bequest, legacy
birthright, patrimony
dowry, dowery
dowry, dower
dowry, portion
largess, largesse
postdoctoral, postdoc
prize, award
contribution, donation
bestowal, bestowment
bounty, premium
freebie, freebee
bonus, incentive
allowance, adjustment
deduction, discount
outgo, spending
outgo, expenditure
outgo, outlay
expense, disbursal
expense, disbursement
wage, pay
wage, earnings
wage, remuneration
wage, salary
rebate, discount
alimony, maintenance
bribe, payoff
share, portion
share, part
share, percentage
slice, piece
interest, stake
rake-off, vigorish
allotment, allocation
damages, amends
damages, indemnity
damages, indemnification
damages, restitution
damages, redress
counterbalance, offset
atonement, expiation
atonement, satisfaction
annuity, rente
hire-purchase, never-never
appanage, apanage
gratuity, tip
gratuity, pourboire
gratuity, baksheesh
gratuity, bakshish
gratuity, bakshis
gratuity, backsheesh
remittance, remittal
remittance, remission
remittance, remitment
repayment, quittance
nonpayment, default
nonpayment, nonremittal
default, nonpayment
default, nonremittal
retribution, requital
forfeit, forfeiture
forfeit, forfeiture
fine, mulct
fine, amercement
price, terms
price, damage
fare, transportation
tax, taxation
surtax, supertax
duty, tariff
customs, custom
customs, impost
tonnage, tunnage
usury, vigorish
retainer, consideration
wharfage, quayage
agio, agiotage
agio, premium
freight, freightage
linage, lineage
loss, red
write-off, write-down
losings, losses
sum, amount
stockholding, stockholdings
speculation, venture
stake, stakes
stake, bet
stake, wager
pot, jackpot
pot, kitty
security, protection
hedge, hedging
security, surety
recognizance, recognisance
bail, bond
guarantee, guaranty
wealth, riches
means, substance
account, accounting
principal, corpus
funds, finances
bankroll, roll
treasury, exchequer
support, keep
support, livelihood
support, living
support, sustenance
support, funding
support, backing
comforts, amenities
comforts, conveniences
hoard, cache
hoard, stash
store, stock
store, fund
reserve, backlog
reserve, stockpile
pool, kitty
ice, sparkler
tender, stamp
check, cheque
boodle, bread
boodle, cabbage
boodle, clams
boodle, dinero
boodle, dough
boodle, gelt
boodle, kale
boodle, lettuce
boodle, lolly
boodle, lucre
boodle, loot
boodle, moolah
boodle, pelf
boodle, scratch
boodle, shekels
boodle, simoleons
boodle, sugar
boodle, wampum
subsidization, subsidisation
coinage, mintage
coinage, specie
bezant, bezzant
bezant, byzant
bezant, solidus
halfpenny, ha'penny
penny, cent
penny, centime
twopence, tuppence
fourpence, groat
sixpence, tanner
bill, note
bill, banknote
bill, greenback
fiver, five-spot
dollar, buck
dollar, clam
encumbrance, incumbrance
ledger, leger
ledger, book
daybook, journal
carry-over, carry-forward
payroll, paysheet
payroll, paysheet
bankbook, passbook
checkbook, chequebook
security, certificate
abrasion, attrition
abrasion, corrasion
abrasion, detrition
acclimatization, acclimatisation
acclimatization, acclimation
accretion, accumulation
adaptation, adaption
adaptation, adjustment
agenesis, agenesia
aging, ageing
aging, senescence
Americanization, Americanisation
anamorphosis, anamorphism
androgenesis, androgeny
Anglicization, Anglicisation
anthropogenesis, anthropogeny
antisepsis, asepsis
aphaeresis, apheresis
assimilation, absorption
assimilation, absorption
autolysis, self-digestion
autotype, autotypy
biosynthesis, biogenesis
blaze, blazing
blooming, bloom
blossoming, flowering
blossoming, florescence
blossoming, inflorescence
blossoming, anthesis
blossoming, efflorescence
bluing, blueing
brooding, incubation
carbonization, carbonisation
catabolism, katabolism
catabolism, dissimilation
cavity, caries
cenogenesis, kenogenesis
cenogenesis, caenogenesis
cenogenesis, cainogenesis
cenogenesis, kainogenesis
chemisorption, chemosorption
childbirth, childbearing
childbirth, accouchement
civilization, civilisation
cleavage, segmentation
combustion, burning
congealment, congelation
consumption, usance
consumption, use
convalescence, recuperation
convalescence, recovery
cooling, chilling
corrosion, corroding
corrosion, erosion
curdling, clotting
curdling, coagulation
cytogenesis, cytogeny
deamination, deaminization
decay, decline
decay, disintegration
decentralization, decentalisation
decline, diminution
decomposition, rot
decomposition, rotting
decomposition, putrefaction
decrease, decrement
defecation, laxation
defecation, shitting
degeneration, devolution
dehydration, desiccation
dehydration, evaporation
demagnetization, demagnetisation
demineralization, demineralisation
denazification, de-Nazification
deposition, deposit
desalination, desalinization
desalination, desalinisation
desensitization, desensitisation
destalinization, de-Stalinization
destalinization, destalinisation
destalinization, de-Stalinisation
deterioration, declension
deterioration, worsening
development, developing
development, evolution
dilapidation, ruin
discharge, emission
discharge, expelling
dissolution, disintegration
dissolving, dissolution
distillation, distillment
ebb, ebbing
ebb, wane
electrophoresis, cataphoresis
electrophoresis, dielectrolysis
electrophoresis, ionophoresis
elimination, evacuation
elimination, excretion
elimination, excreting
elimination, voiding
ellipsis, eclipsis
erosion, eroding
erosion, wearing
establishment, ecesis
Europeanization, Europeanisation
evolution, phylogeny
evolution, phylogenesis
farrow, farrowing
feminization, feminisation
festering, suppuration
festering, maturation
fire, flame
fire, flaming
focalization, focalisation
fold, folding
foliation, leafing
fossilization, fossilisation
freeze, freezing
freeze-drying, lyophilization
freeze-drying, lyophilisation
frost, icing
galvanization, galvanisation
germination, sprouting
globalization, globalisation
growth, growing
growth, maturation
growth, development
growth, ontogeny
growth, ontogenesis
hardening, solidifying
hardening, solidification
hardening, set
hardening, curing
hatch, hatching
heating, warming
hemagglutination, haemagglutination
hematochezia, haematochezia
hematopoiesis, haematopoiesis
hematopoiesis, hemopoiesis
hematopoiesis, haemopoiesis
hematopoiesis, hemogenesis
hematopoiesis, haemogenesis
hematopoiesis, hematogenesis
hematopoiesis, haematogenesis
hematopoiesis, sanguification
hemimetamorphosis, hemimetabolism
hemimetamorphosis, hemimetaboly
heterometabolism, heterometaboly
hemolysis, haemolysis
hemolysis, hematolysis
hemolysis, haematolysis
holometabolism, holometaboly
hyperhidrosis, hyperidrosis
hyperhidrosis, polyhidrosis
hypostasis, epistasis
idealization, idealisation
implantation, nidation
impregnation, saturation
incontinence, incontinency
increase, increment
increase, growth
incrustation, encrustation
inflow, influx
inpouring, inpour
inpouring, inrush
intellectualization, intellectualisation
intumescence, intumescency
intumescence, swelling
invagination, introversion
invagination, intussusception
invagination, infolding
ionization, ionisation
iteration, looping
iteration, loop
keratinization, keratinisation
lacrimation, lachrymation
lacrimation, tearing
lacrimation, watering
leach, leaching
leak, wetting
lexicalization, lexicalisation
lysogenization, lysogenisation
magnetization, magnetisation
marginalization, marginalisation
masculinization, masculinisation
masculinization, virilization
masculinization, virilisation
materialization, materialisation
maturation, ripening
maturation, maturement
meiosis, miosis
menorrhagia, hypermenorrhea
menstruation, menses
menstruation, menstruum
menstruation, catamenia
menstruation, period
menstruation, flow
metamorphosis, metabolism
micturition, urination
mildew, mold
mildew, mould
molt, molting
molt, moult
molt, moulting
molt, ecdysis
monogenesis, sporulation
myelinization, myelinisation
neutralization, neutralisation
nocturia, nycturia
omission, deletion
operation, functioning
operation, performance
opsonization, opsonisation
outflow, effluence
outflow, efflux
oxidation, oxidization
oxidation, oxidisation
oxidation-reduction, oxidoreduction
oxidation-reduction, redox
palingenesis, recapitulation
parthenogenesis, parthenogeny
parthenogenesis, parthenogeny
parturition, birth
parturition, birthing
peeing, pee
peeing, pissing
peeing, piss
peptization, peptisation
percolation, infiltration
peristalsis, vermiculation
permeation, pervasion
permeation, suffusion
perspiration, sweating
perspiration, diaphoresis
perspiration, sudation
perspiration, hidrosis
petrifaction, petrification
pitting, roughness
pitting, indentation
polymerization, polymerisation
professionalization, professionalisation
pullulation, gemmation
radiation, radioactivity
radiography, skiagraphy
rationalization, rationalisation
reduction, reducing
refilling, replenishment
refilling, replacement
refilling, renewal
refining, refinement
refining, purification
refrigeration, infrigidation
resorption, reabsorption
reuptake, re-uptake
ripening, aging
ripening, ageing
rust, rusting
search, lookup
secretion, secernment
sensitization, sensitisation
shaping, defining
shedding, sloughing
shit, dump
slump, slack
slump, drop-off
slump, falloff
smoke, smoking
soak, soakage
soak, soaking
sort, sorting
specialization, specialisation
specialization, differentiation
spoilage, spoiling
Stalinization, Stalinisation
stiffening, rigidifying
stiffening, rigidification
survival, selection
syneresis, synaeresis
syneresis, synaeresis
synergy, synergism
synizesis, synezesis
teething, dentition
teething, odontiasis
thaw, melt
thaw, thawing
thaw, melting
unfolding, flowering
union, conglutination
urbanization, urbanisation
urochesia, urochezia
vaporization, vaporisation
vaporization, vapor
vaporization, vapour
vaporization, evaporation
vascularization, vascularisation
vesiculation, vesication
vesiculation, blistering
vulcanization, vulcanisation
washout, wash
Westernization, Westernisation
widening, broadening
zymosis, zymolysis
zymosis, fermentation
zymosis, fermenting
zymosis, ferment
enough, sufficiency
normality, N
diopter, dioptre
karat, carat
karat, kt
transmittance, transmission
weight, weighting
base, radix
magnetization, magnetisation
megaflop, MFLOP
degree, arcdegree
second, arcsecond
minute, arcminute
radian, rad
grad, grade
steradian, sr
are, ar
barn, b
perch, rod
perch, pole
ephah, epha
homer, kor
fathom, fthm
fluidram, drachm
gallon, gal
barrel, bbl
fluidram, drachm
gallon, congius
milliliter, millilitre
milliliter, mil
milliliter, ml
milliliter, cc
centiliter, centilitre
centiliter, cl
deciliter, decilitre
deciliter, dl
liter, litre
liter, l
dekaliter, dekalitre
dekaliter, decaliter
dekaliter, decalitre
dekaliter, dal
dekaliter, dkl
hectoliter, hectolitre
hectoliter, hl
kiloliter, kilolitre
nybble, nibble
kilobyte, kibibyte
kilobyte, K
kilobyte, KB
kilobyte, kB
kilobyte, KiB
kilobyte, K
kilobyte, KB
kilobyte, kB
kilobit, kbit
kilobit, kb
kibibit, kibit
megabyte, mebibyte
megabyte, M
megabyte, MB
megabyte, MiB
megabyte, M
megabyte, MB
megabit, Mbit
megabit, Mb
mebibit, Mibit
gigabyte, gibibyte
gigabyte, G
gigabyte, GB
gigabyte, GiB
gigabyte, G
gigabyte, GB
gigabit, Gbit
gigabit, Gb
gibibit, Gibit
terabyte, tebibyte
terabyte, TB
terabyte, TiB
terabyte, TB
terabit, Tbit
terabit, Tb
tebibit, Tibit
petabyte, pebibyte
petabyte, PB
petabyte, PiB
petabyte, PB
petabit, Pbit
petabit, Pb
pebibit, Pibit
exabyte, exbibyte
exabyte, EB
exabyte, EiB
exabyte, EB
exabit, Ebit
exabit, Eb
exbibit, Eibit
zettabyte, zebibyte
zettabyte, ZB
zettabyte, ZiB
zettabyte, ZB
zettabit, Zbit
zettabit, Zb
zebibit, Zibit
yottabyte, yobibyte
yottabyte, YB
yottabyte, YiB
yottabyte, YB
yottabit, Ybit
yottabit, Yb
yobibit, Yibit
farad, F
coulomb, C
coulomb, ampere-second
mho, siemens
mho, S
ampere, amp
ampere, A
milliampere, mA
abampere, abamp
maxwell, Mx
weber, Wb
henry, H
lambert, L
lux, lx
foot-lambert, ft-L
lumen, lm
candle, candela
candle, cd
gilbert, Gb
gilbert, Gi
millivolt, mV
volt, V
kilovolt, kV
watt, W
kilowatt, kW
horsepower, HP
horsepower, H.P.
volt-ampere, var
curie, Ci
gray, Gy
roentgen, R
newton, N
poundal, pdl
pound, lbf.
g, gee
g, g-force
inch, in
foot, ft
yard, pace
perch, rod
perch, pole
mile, mi
kos, coss
finger, fingerbreadth
finger, digit
extremum, peak
handbreadth, handsbreadth
mile, mil
parsec, secpar
femtometer, femtometre
femtometer, fermi
picometer, picometre
picometer, micromicron
angstrom, A
nanometer, nanometre
nanometer, nm
nanometer, millimicron
nanometer, micromillimeter
nanometer, micromillimetre
micron, micrometer
millimeter, millimetre
millimeter, mm
centimeter, centimetre
centimeter, cm
decimeter, decimetre
decimeter, dm
meter, metre
meter, m
decameter, dekameter
decameter, decametre
decameter, dekametre
decameter, dam
decameter, dkm
hectometer, hectometre
hectometer, hm
kilometer, kilometre
kilometer, km
kilometer, klick
myriameter, myriametre
myriameter, mym
fathom, fthm
halfpennyworth, ha'p'orth
pennyworth, penn'orth
baht, tical
butut, butat
guilder, gulden
guilder, florin
guilder, gulden
guilder, florin
haler, heller
haler, heller
qindarka, qintar
kurus, piaster
kurus, piastre
mark, Deutschmark
piaster, piastre
riyal-omani, rial
baiza, baisa
ruble, rouble
kopek, kopeck
kopek, copeck
tugrik, tughrik
yuan, kwai
pascal, Pa
barye, microbar
em, pica
en, nut
linage, lineage
Bel, B
decibel, dB
kelvin, K
catty, cattie
ounce, oz.
pound, lb
hundredweight, cwt
hundredweight, cwt
hundredweight, centner
hundredweight, cental
hundredweight, quintal
dram, drachm
dram, drachma
microgram, mcg
milligram, mg
nanogram, ng
decigram, dg
gram, gramme
gram, gm
gram, g
dekagram, decagram
dekagram, dkg
dekagram, dag
hectogram, hg
kilogram, kg
kilogram, kilo
myriagram, myg
hundredweight, doppelzentner
hundredweight, centner
joule, J
Calorie, kilocalorie
remainder, difference
biquadrate, biquadratic
biquadrate, quartic
divisor, factor
one-half, half
moiety, mediety
one-third, third
one-third, tierce
one-fourth, fourth
one-fourth, one-quarter
one-fourth, quarter
one-fourth, quartern
three-fourths, three-quarters
one-fifth, fifth
one-sixth, sixth
one-seventh, seventh
one-eighth, eighth
one-ninth, ninth
one-tenth, tenth
one-twelfth, twelfth
one-twelfth, duodecimal
one-sixteenth, sixteenth
one-thirty-second, thirty-second
one-sixtieth, sixtieth
one-sixty-fourth, sixty-fourth
one-hundredth, hundredth
one-thousandth, thousandth
one-ten-thousandth, ten-thousandth
one-millionth, millionth
one-billionth, billionth
one-trillionth, trillionth
one-quadrillionth, quadrillionth
one-quintillionth, quintillionth
nothing, nil
nothing, nix
nothing, nada
nothing, null
nothing, aught
nothing, cipher
nothing, cypher
nothing, naught
nothing, zero
nothing, zilch
nothing, zip
nothing, zippo
digit, figure
zero, 0
zero, nought
zero, cipher
zero, cypher
one, 1
one, I
one, ace
one, single
one, unity
monad, monas
mate, fellow
two, 2
two, II
two, deuce
couple, pair
couple, twosome
couple, twain
couple, brace
couple, span
couple, yoke
couple, couplet
couple, distich
couple, duo
couple, duet
couple, dyad
couple, duad
three, 3
three, III
three, trio
three, threesome
three, tierce
three, leash
three, troika
three, triad
three, trine
three, trinity
three, ternary
three, ternion
three, triplet
three, tercet
three, terzetto
three, trey
three, deuce-ace
four, 4
four, IV
four, tetrad
four, quatern
four, quaternion
four, quaternary
four, quaternity
four, quartet
four, quadruplet
four, foursome
five, 5
five, V
five, cinque
five, quint
five, quintet
five, fivesome
five, quintuplet
five, pentad
five, fin
five, Phoebe
six, 6
six, VI
six, sixer
six, sise
six, sextet
six, sestet
six, sextuplet
six, hexad
seven, 7
seven, VII
seven, sevener
seven, heptad
seven, septet
seven, septenary
eight, 8
eight, VIII
eight, eighter
eight, octad
eight, ogdoad
eight, octonary
eight, octet
nine, 9
nine, IX
nine, niner
nine, ennead
ten, 10
ten, X
ten, tenner
ten, decade
eleven, 11
eleven, XI
twelve, 12
twelve, XII
twelve, dozen
thirteen, 13
thirteen, XIII
fourteen, 14
fourteen, XIV
fifteen, 15
fifteen, XV
sixteen, 16
sixteen, XVI
seventeen, 17
seventeen, XVII
eighteen, 18
eighteen, XVIII
nineteen, 19
nineteen, XIX
twenty, 20
twenty, XX
twenty-one, 21
twenty-one, XXI
twenty-two, 22
twenty-two, XXII
twenty-three, 23
twenty-three, XXIII
twenty-four, 24
twenty-four, XXIV
twenty-five, 25
twenty-five, XXV
twenty-six, 26
twenty-six, XXVI
twenty-seven, 27
twenty-seven, XXVII
twenty-eight, 28
twenty-eight, XXVIII
twenty-nine, 29
twenty-nine, XXIX
thirty, 30
thirty, XXX
forty, 40
forty, XL
fifty, 50
fifty, L
sixty, 60
sixty, LX
seventy, 70
seventy, LXX
seventy-eight, 78
seventy-eight, LXXVIII
eighty, 80
eighty, LXXX
eighty, fourscore
ninety, 90
ninety, XC
hundred, 100
hundred, C
hundred, century
gross, 144
thousand, 1000
thousand, M
thousand, K
thousand, chiliad
thousand, G
thousand, grand
thousand, thou
thousand, yard
million, 1000000
million, meg
billion, 1000000000
billion, 1000000000000
trillion, 1000000000000
aleph-null, aleph-nought
aleph-null, aleph-zero
addition, increase
addition, gain
catch, haul
footstep, pace
footstep, step
footstep, stride
limit, limitation
output, yield
output, production
region, neighborhood
picking, pick
dab, splash
dab, splatter
spot, bit
hair's-breadth, hairsbreadth
hair's-breadth, hair
hair's-breadth, whisker
scattering, sprinkling
spray, spraying
shtik, shtick
shtik, schtik
shtik, schtick
shtikl, shtickl
shtikl, schtikl
shtikl, schtickl
tad, shade
bag, bagful
barrel, barrelful
barrow, barrowful
basin, basinful
basket, basketful
bin, binful
bottle, bottleful
bowl, bowlful
box, boxful
bucket, bucketful
can, canful
carton, cartonful
case, caseful
cask, caskful
crate, crateful
cup, cupful
dish, dishful
dustpan, dustpanful
flask, flaskful
glass, glassful
handful, fistful
jar, jarful
jug, jugful
keg, kegful
kettle, kettleful
mug, mugful
pail, pailful
pitcher, pitcherful
plate, plateful
pot, potful
sack, sackful
scoop, scoopful
shovel, shovelful
shovel, spadeful
spoon, spoonful
tablespoon, tablespoonful
dessertspoon, dessertspoonful
tank, tankful
teacup, teacupful
teaspoon, teaspoonful
thimble, thimbleful
tub, tubful
handful, smattering
drop, drib
drop, driblet
eyedrop, eye-drop
dose, dosage
load, loading
jack, doodly-squat
jack, diddly-squat
jack, diddlysquat
jack, diddly-shit
jack, diddlyshit
jack, diddly
jack, diddley
jack, squat
jack, shit
nip, shot
trace, hint
trace, suggestion
shred, scintilla
shred, whit
shred, iota
shred, tittle
shred, smidgen
shred, smidgeon
shred, smidgin
shred, smidge
touch, hint
touch, tinge
touch, mite
touch, pinch
touch, jot
touch, speck
touch, soupcon
batch, deal
batch, flock
batch, hatful
batch, heap
batch, lot
batch, mass
batch, mess
batch, mickle
batch, mint
batch, mountain
batch, muckle
batch, passel
batch, peck
batch, pile
batch, plenty
batch, pot
batch, raft
batch, sight
batch, slew
batch, spate
batch, stack
batch, wad
battalion, multitude
battalion, plurality
battalion, pack
billyo, billyoh
billyo, billy-ho
boatload, shipload
boatload, carload
flood, inundation
flood, deluge
flood, torrent
million, billion
million, trillion
million, zillion
million, jillion
million, gazillion
ocean, sea
tons, dozens
tons, heaps
tons, lots
tons, piles
tons, scores
tons, stacks
tons, loads
tons, rafts
tons, slews
tons, wads
tons, oodles
tons, gobs
tons, scads
tons, lashings
room, way
headroom, headway
headroom, clearance
capacity, content
STP, s.t.p.
relations, dealings
obligation, indebtedness
function, map
function, mapping
sine, sin
cosine, cos
tangent, tan
cotangent, cotan
secant, sec
cosecant, cosec
footing, basis
footing, ground
connection, connexion
connection, connectedness
alliance, bond
link, nexus
inclusion, comprehension
relevance, relevancy
applicability, pertinence
applicability, pertinency
irrelevance, irrelevancy
agreement, concord
transitivity, transitiveness
intransitivity, intransitiveness
reflexivity, reflexiveness
reflexivity, reflexiveness
modification, qualifying
modification, limiting
mood, mode
mood, modality
modality, mode
inflection, inflexion
pluralization, pluralisation
progressive, imperfect
perfective, perfect
preterit, preterite
hyponymy, subordination
hypernymy, superordination
synonymy, synonymity
synonymy, synonymousness
part, portion
part, component
part, constituent
basis, base
detail, particular
detail, item
remainder, balance
remainder, residual
remainder, residue
remainder, residuum
remainder, rest
leftover, remnant
affinity, kinship
rapport, resonance
kinship, relationship
descent, lineage
descent, filiation
consanguinity, cognation
parentage, birth
fatherhood, paternity
motherhood, maternity
sisterhood, sistership
matrilineage, enation
matrilineage, cognation
patrilineage, agnation
proportion, ratio
commensurateness, correspondence
commensurateness, proportionateness
percentage, percent
percentage, pct
hematocrit, haematocrit
orthogonality, perpendicularity
north, northward
north, N
northeast, nor'-east
northeast, northeastward
northeast, NE
east, eastward
east, E
southeast, sou'-east
southeast, southeastward
southeast, SE
south, southward
south, S
southwest, sou'-west
southwest, southwestward
southwest, SW
west, westward
west, W
northwest, nor'-west
northwest, northwestward
northwest, NW
elevation, EL
elevation, altitude
elevation, ALT
chemistry, alchemy
reciprocality, reciprocity
correlation, correlativity
mutuality, interdependence
mutuality, interdependency
symbiosis, mutualism
mutuality, mutualness
interrelation, interrelationship
interrelation, interrelatedness
antecedent, forerunner
synchronism, synchrony
synchronism, synchronicity
synchronism, synchroneity
synchronism, synchronization
synchronism, synchronisation
synchronism, synchronizing
asynchronism, asynchrony
asynchronism, desynchronization
asynchronism, desynchronisation
asynchronism, desynchronizing
opposition, oppositeness
polarity, sign
positivity, positiveness
negativity, negativeness
incompatibility, inconsistency
incompatibility, repugnance
reverse, contrary
reverse, opposite
inverse, opposite
plane, sheet
midplane, midline
flare, flair
conglomeration, conglobation
wave, undulation
bend, crook
bend, twist
bend, turn
hook, crotchet
connection, connexion
connection, link
pit, fossa
recess, recession
recess, niche
recess, corner
cone, conoid
semicircle, hemicycle
scallop, crenation
scallop, crenature
scallop, crenel
scallop, crenelle
disk, disc
disk, saucer
ring, halo
ring, annulus
ring, doughnut
coil, whorl
coil, roll
coil, curl
coil, curlicue
coil, ringlet
coil, gyre
coil, scroll
helix, spiral
kink, twist
kink, twirl
whirl, swirl
whirl, vortex
whirl, convolution
ellipse, oval
square, foursquare
quadrilateral, quadrangle
quadrilateral, tetragon
triangle, trigon
triangle, trilateral
pentacle, pentagram
pentacle, pentangle
rhombus, rhomb
rhombus, diamond
parallelepiped, parallelopiped
parallelepiped, parallelepipedon
parallelepiped, parallelopipedon
sinuosity, sinuousness
tortuosity, tortuousness
tortuosity, torsion
tortuosity, contortion
tortuosity, crookedness
warp, buckle
knot, gnarl
bell, campana
furcation, forking
zigzag, zig
zigzag, zag
dip, inclination
azimuth, AZ
bowl, trough
groove, channel
scoop, pocket
bulge, bump
bulge, hump
bulge, swelling
bulge, gibbosity
bulge, gibbousness
bulge, jut
bulge, prominence
bulge, protuberance
bulge, protrusion
bulge, extrusion
bulge, excrescence
nub, nubble
node, knob
node, thickening
bow, arc
depression, impression
depression, imprint
balance, equilibrium
balance, equipoise
balance, counterbalance
symmetry, proportion
ball, globe
ball, orb
torus, toroid
column, tower
column, pillar
barrel, drum
pipe, tube
drop, bead
drop, pearl
point, tip
point, peak
boundary, edge
boundary, bound
margin, border
margin, perimeter
periphery, fringe
brink, threshold
brink, verge
diagonal, bias
incision, scratch
incision, prick
incision, slit
incision, dent
incisure, incisura
score, scotch
sag, droop
wrinkle, furrow
wrinkle, crease
wrinkle, crinkle
wrinkle, seam
wrinkle, line
crevice, cranny
crevice, crack
crevice, fissure
crevice, chap
fold, crease
fold, plication
fold, flexure
fold, crimp
fold, bend
pucker, ruck
indentation, indenture
stria, striation
void, vacancy
void, emptiness
void, vacuum
articulation, join
articulation, joint
articulation, juncture
articulation, junction
point, dot
spur, spine
spur, acantha
constriction, bottleneck
constriction, chokepoint
cast, mold
cast, mould
cast, stamp
branch, leg
branch, ramification
fork, crotch
pouch, sac
pouch, sack
pouch, pocket
block, cube
tongue, knife
wedge, cuneus
condition, status
participation, involvement
regularization, regularisation
situation, position
place, shoes
stymie, stymy
company, companionship
company, fellowship
company, society
confidence, trust
acquaintance, acquaintanceship
affiliation, association
affiliation, tie
affiliation, tie-up
affair, affaire
affair, intimacy
affair, liaison
affair, involvement
affair, amour
how-do-you-do, how-d'ye-do
imbroglio, embroilment
nightmare, incubus
pass, strait
pass, straits
picture, scene
standardization, standardisation
astigmatism, astigmia
degree, level
degree, stage
degree, point
acme, height
acme, elevation
acme, peak
acme, pinnacle
acme, summit
acme, superlative
acme, meridian
acme, tiptop
acme, top
ultimacy, ultimateness
event, case
congestion, over-crowding
office, power
status, position
equality, equivalence
equality, equation
equality, par
egality, egalite
place, station
championship, title
precedence, precedency
precedence, priority
transcendence, transcendency
transcendence, superiority
subordinateness, subsidiarity
handmaid, handmaiden
handmaid, servant
subservience, subservientness
villeinage, villainage
bastardy, illegitimacy
footing, terms
being, beingness
being, existence
reality, realness
reality, realism
truth, verity
truth, trueness
eternity, timelessness
immanence, immanency
inherence, inherency
ubiquity, ubiquitousness
ubiquity, omnipresence
nonexistence, nonentity
unreality, irreality
falsity, falseness
animation, life
animation, living
animation, aliveness
survival, endurance
rest, sleep
rest, quietus
extinction, defunctness
transcendence, transcendency
marriage, matrimony
marriage, union
marriage, wedlock
endogamy, intermarriage
endogamy, inmarriage
exogamy, intermarriage
monogamy, monogamousness
employment, employ
tranquillity, tranquility
tranquillity, quiet
harmony, concord
harmony, concordance
peaceableness, peacefulness
armistice, cease-fire
armistice, truce
agreement, accord
anarchy, lawlessness
hematocytopenia, haematocytopenia
demoralization, demoralisation
chaos, pandemonium
chaos, bedlam
chaos, topsy-turvydom
chaos, topsy-turvyness
schemozzle, shemozzle
rioting, riot
rowdiness, rowdyism
rowdiness, roughness
rowdiness, disorderliness
disturbance, disruption
disturbance, commotion
disturbance, flutter
disturbance, to-do
disturbance, hoo-ha
disturbance, hoo-hah
disturbance, kerfuffle
convulsion, turmoil
convulsion, upheaval
stir, splash
storm, tempest
tumult, tumultuousness
tumult, uproar
tumult, garboil
discord, strife
turbulence, upheaval
agitation, ferment
agitation, fermentation
agitation, tempestuousness
agitation, unrest
hostility, enmity
hostility, antagonism
clash, friction
disagreement, dissension
disagreement, dissonance
light, lighting
dark, darkness
blackout, brownout
blackout, dimout
cloudiness, overcast
shade, shadiness
shade, shadowiness
dimness, duskiness
gloom, somberness
gloom, sombreness
obscurity, obscureness
ecstasy, rapture
ecstasy, transport
ecstasy, exaltation
ecstasy, raptus
gratification, satisfaction
happiness, felicity
blessedness, beatitude
blessedness, beatification
bliss, blissfulness
ecstasy, rapture
nirvana, enlightenment
sadness, sorrow
sadness, sorrowfulness
mourning, bereavement
poignance, poignancy
blamelessness, inculpability
blamelessness, inculpableness
blamelessness, guiltlessness
purity, pureness
purity, sinlessness
purity, innocence
purity, whiteness
guilt, guiltiness
blameworthiness, culpability
blameworthiness, culpableness
criminalism, criminality
criminalism, criminalness
impeachability, indictability
autonomy, liberty
self-government, self-determination
self-government, self-rule
autarky, autarchy
independence, independency
license, licence
license, licence
subjugation, subjection
enslavement, captivity
bondage, slavery
bondage, thrall
bondage, thralldom
bondage, thraldom
serfdom, serfhood
serfdom, vassalage
constraint, restraint
captivity, imprisonment
captivity, incarceration
captivity, immurement
detention, detainment
detention, hold
detention, custody
representation, delegacy
representation, agency
autonomy, self-direction
autonomy, self-reliance
autonomy, self-sufficiency
dependence, dependance
dependence, dependency
polarization, polarisation
imbalance, instability
imbalance, unbalance
shaking, shakiness
shaking, trembling
shaking, quiver
shaking, quivering
shaking, vibration
shaking, palpitation
stream, flow
motionlessness, stillness
motionlessness, lifelessness
stationariness, immobility
stationariness, fixedness
action, activity
action, activeness
busyness, hum
behavior, behaviour
eruption, eructation
eruption, extravasation
inaction, inactivity
inaction, inactiveness
abeyance, suspension
arrest, check
arrest, halt
arrest, hitch
arrest, stay
arrest, stop
arrest, stoppage
dormancy, quiescence
dormancy, quiescency
stagnation, stagnancy
stagnation, doldrums
stagnation, stagnancy
deferral, recess
standdown, stand-down
estivation, aestivation
torpor, torpidity
lethargy, lassitude
lethargy, sluggishness
deadlock, impasse
deadlock, stalemate
deadlock, standstill
fatigue, weariness
fatigue, tiredness
eyestrain, asthenopia
loginess, logginess
drunkenness, inebriation
drunkenness, inebriety
drunkenness, intoxication
drunkenness, tipsiness
drunkenness, insobriety
soberness, sobriety
acephalia, acephaly
acephalia, acephalism
alkalinuria, alkaluria
acromicria, acromikria
agalactia, agalactosis
ankylosis, anchylosis
anorchism, anorchidism
anorchism, anorchia
wakefulness, sleeplessness
anesthesia, anaesthesia
anhidrosis, anhydrosis
arteriectasis, arteriectasia
asynergy, asynergia
sleep, slumber
sleep, sopor
abulia, aboulia
depersonalization, depersonalisation
cryoanesthesia, cryoanaesthesia
acroanesthesia, acroanaesthesia
sleepiness, drowsiness
sleepiness, somnolence
oscitancy, oscitance
imminence, imminency
imminence, imminentness
imminence, impendence
imminence, impendency
imminence, forthcomingness
readiness, preparedness
readiness, preparation
juncture, crossroads
flatulence, flatulency
flatulence, gas
flexure, flection
flexure, flexion
alertness, alerting
excitation, innervation
excitation, irritation
anger, angriness
excitement, excitation
excitement, inflammation
excitement, fervor
excitement, fervour
eroticism, erotism
horniness, hotness
erection, hard-on
estrus, oestrus
estrus, heat
estrus, rut
anestrus, anestrum
anestrus, anoestrus
anestrus, anoestrum
diestrus, diestrum
rage, passion
materialism, philistinism
hunger, hungriness
edacity, esurience
edacity, ravenousness
edacity, voracity
edacity, voraciousness
starvation, famishment
undernourishment, malnourishment
thirst, thirstiness
hypercapnia, hypercarbia
hypocapnia, acapnia
suffocation, asphyxiation
hyperthermia, hyperthermy
impotence, impotency
sterility, infertility
pregnancy, gestation
pregnancy, maternity
gravidity, gravidness
gravidity, gravidation
parity, para
parturiency, labor
parturiency, labour
parturiency, confinement
parturiency, lying-in
parturiency, travail
parturiency, childbed
asynclitism, obliquity
vitalization, vitalisation
wholeness, haleness
energy, vim
energy, vitality
qi, chi
qi, ch'i
qi, ki
bloom, blush
bloom, flush
bloom, rosiness
freshness, glow
fertility, fecundity
potency, potence
disorder, upset
acholia, cholestasis
ailment, complaint
ailment, ill
cheilosis, perleche
dysosmia, parosamia
illness, unwellness
illness, malady
illness, sickness
invagination, introversion
addiction, dependence
addiction, dependance
addiction, dependency
addiction, habituation
dilatation, distension
dilatation, distention
ectasia, ectasis
lymphangiectasia, lymphangiectasis
alcoholism, inebriation
alcoholism, drunkenness
anuresis, anuria
collapse, prostration
breakdown, crack-up
agranulocytosis, agranulosis
agranulocytosis, granulocytopenia
plague, pestilence
plague, pest
pycnosis, pyknosis
hyalinization, hyalinisation
vacuolization, vacuolisation
vacuolization, vacuolation
pyorrhea, pyorrhoea
seizure, ictus
seizure, raptus
touch, spot
stroke, apoplexy
stroke, CVA
paroxysm, fit
paroxysm, convulsion
alkaptonuria, alcaptonuria
akinesis, akinesia
cystoplegia, cystoparalysis
ataxia, ataxy
ataxia, dyssynergia
atopognosia, atopognosis
brachydactyly, brachydactylia
cryptorchidy, cryptorchidism
cryptorchidy, cryptorchism
monorchism, monorchidism
agraphia, anorthography
agraphia, logagraphia
hepatomegaly, megalohepatia
transposition, heterotaxy
amyotrophia, amyotrophy
aneurysm, aneurism
stenosis, stricture
bacteremia, bacteriemia
bacteremia, bacteriaemia
sclerosis, induration
cardiomyopathy, myocardiopathy
nephrosclerosis, nephroangiosclerosis
aldosteronism, hyperaldosteronism
angioedema, atrophedema
hyperthyroidism, thyrotoxicosis
myxedema, myxoedema
achondroplasia, achondroplasty
achondroplasia, chondrodystrophy
influenza, flu
influenza, grippe
measles, rubeola
measles, morbilli
smallpox, variola
alastrim, pseudosmallpox
alastrim, pseudovariola
tinea, ringworm
tinea, roundworm
blindness, sightlessness
blindness, cecity
chickenpox, varicella
gonorrhea, gonorrhoea
gonorrhea, clap
syphilis, syph
syphilis, pox
syphilis, lues
plague, pestilence
plague, pest
plague, pestis
poliomyelitis, polio
tuberculosis, TB
tuberculosis, T.B.
scrofula, struma
yaws, frambesia
yaws, framboesia
coccidioidomycosis, coccidiomycosis
psittacosis, ornithosis
pneumoconiosis, pneumonoconiosis
anencephaly, anencephalia
adactylia, adactyly
adactylia, adactylism
dichromacy, dichromatism
dichromacy, dichromatopsia
dichromacy, dichromia
dichromacy, dichromasy
deuteranopia, Daltonism
deuteranopia, green-blindness
protanopia, red-blindness
tetartanopia, yellow-blindness
tritanopia, blue-blindness
monochromacy, monochromatism
monochromacy, monochromia
monochromacy, monochromasy
clinocephaly, clinocephalism
mongolism, mongolianism
oxycephaly, acrocephaly
ischemia, ischaemia
chlorosis, greensickness
parasitemia, parasitaemia
hemophilia, haemophilia
amebiasis, amoebiasis
amebiasis, amebiosis
amebiasis, amoebiosis
fascioliasis, fasciolosis
felon, whitlow
leishmaniasis, leishmaniosis
scabies, itch
schistosomiasis, bilharzia
schistosomiasis, bilharziasis
candidiasis, moniliasis
dermatomycosis, dermatophytosis
focus, nidus
boil, furuncle
chilblain, chilblains
chilblain, pernio
sty, stye
sty, hordeolum
tetanus, lockjaw
gout, urarthritis
sapremia, sapraemia
pyemia, pyaemia
toxemia, toxaemia
preeclampsia, pre-eclampsia
hemoglobinemia, haemoglobinemia
hemoglobinopathy, haemoglobinopathy
hemoptysis, haemoptysis
lipemia, lipaemia
lipemia, lipidemia
lipemia, lipidaemia
lipemia, lipoidemia
lipemia, lipoidaemia
lipemia, hyperlipemia
lipemia, hyperlipaemia
lipemia, hyperlipidemia
lipemia, hyperlipidaemia
lipemia, hyperlipoidemia
lipemia, hyperlipoidaemia
lysogeny, lysogenicity
hypervolemia, hypervolaemia
hypovolemia, hypovolaemia
anemia, anaemia
thalassemia, thalassaemia
leukocytosis, leucocytosis
leukopenia, leucopenia
lymphocytopenia, lymphopenia
purpura, peliosis
thrombocytopenia, thrombopenia
avitaminosis, hypovitaminosis
goiter, goitre
goiter, struma
goiter, thyromegaly
pellagra, maidism
pellagra, mayidism
rickets, rachitis
scurvy, scorbutus
seasickness, naupathia
sunstroke, insolation
sunstroke, siriasis
endometriosis, adenomyosis
infarct, infarction
mastopathy, mazopathy
demineralization, demineralisation
pyorrhea, pyorrhoea
uremia, uraemia
uremia, azotemia
uremia, azotaemia
ulcer, ulceration
deformity, malformation
deformity, misshapenness
clubfoot, talipes
keratoderma, keratodermia
melanosis, melanism
polyp, polypus
tumor, tumour
tumor, neoplasm
blastoma, blastocytoma
glioblastoma, spongioblastoma
malignancy, malignance
leukemia, leukaemia
leukemia, leucaemia
rhabdomyosarcoma, rhabdosarcoma
hemangioma, haemangioma
neurofibroma, neurilemoma
papilloma, villoma
pheochromocytoma, phaeochromocytoma
hepatoma, hepatocarcinoma
leukoma, leucoma
ophthalmia, ophthalmitis
bagassosis, bagascosis
cowpox, vaccinia
albuminuria, proteinuria
hematocyturia, haematocyturia
ketonemia, ketosis
ketonemia, acetonemia
hypercalcemia, hypercalcaemia
hypocalcemia, hypocalcaemia
hypercalciuria, hypercalcinuria
hypercholesterolemia, hypercholesteremia
kaliuresis, kaluresis
ketonuria, ketoaciduria
ketonuria, acetonuria
rabies, hydrophobia
rabies, lyssa
rabies, madness
tularemia, tularaemia
tularemia, yatobyo
injury, hurt
injury, harm
injury, trauma
abrasion, scratch
abrasion, scrape
abrasion, excoriation
cut, gash
cut, slash
cut, slice
bleeding, hemorrhage
bleeding, haemorrhage
bruise, contusion
shiner, mouse
scorch, singe
tan, suntan
tan, sunburn
tan, burn
fracture, break
frostbite, cryopathy
hernia, herniation
colpocele, vaginocele
cystocele, colpocystocele
rectocele, proctocele
sting, bite
wale, welt
wale, weal
wale, wheal
wound, lesion
wrench, twist
wrench, pull
amenorrhea, amenorrhoea
amenorrhea, amenia
chloasma, melasma
prodrome, prodroma
tetany, tetanilla
purulence, purulency
gangrene, sphacelus
gangrene, slough
hematuria, haematuria
hemoglobinuria, haemoglobinuria
hemosiderosis, haemosiderosis
sneeze, sneezing
sneeze, sternutation
swelling, puffiness
swelling, lump
edema, oedema
edema, hydrops
edema, dropsy
hematocele, haematocele
hematocele, hematocoele
hematocele, haematocoele
hematocolpometra, haematocolpometra
hematocolpos, haematocolpos
intumescence, intumescency
oscheocele, oscheocoele
tumidity, tumidness
cephalhematoma, cephalohematoma
hematoma, haematoma
hyperglycemia, hyperglycaemia
hypoglycemia, hypoglycaemia
jaundice, icterus
hemothorax, haemothorax
hyperemia, hyperaemia
enanthem, enanthema
exanthem, exanthema
rash, roseola
rash, efflorescence
urtication, urticaria
urtication, hives
pain, hurting
ache, aching
toothache, odontalgia
agony, suffering
agony, excruciation
paresthesia, paraesthesia
burn, burning
colic, gripes
colic, griping
headache, cephalalgia
glossalgia, glossodynia
hemorrhoid, haemorrhoid
hemorrhoid, piles
stomachache, bellyache
stomachache, gastralgia
earache, otalgia
migraine, megrim
migraine, hemicrania
myalgia, myodynia
neuralgia, neuralgy
pang, sting
photalgia, photophobia
pleurodynia, pleuralgia
pleurodynia, costalgia
smart, smarting
smart, smartness
sting, stinging
tenderness, soreness
tenderness, rawness
torture, torment
papulovesicle, vesicopapule
pimple, hickey
pimple, zit
cardiomegaly, megalocardia
cardiomegaly, megacardia
heartburn, pyrosis
indigestion, dyspepsia
inflammation, redness
inflammation, rubor
chill, shivering
conjunctivitis, pinkeye
encephalitis, cephalitis
encephalitis, phrenitis
meningoencephalitis, cerebromeningitis
meningoencephalitis, encephalomeningitis
esophagitis, oesophagitis
laminitis, founder
metritis, endometritis
trichinosis, trichiniasis
ozena, ozaena
rhinitis, coryza
tendinitis, tendonitis
tendinitis, tenonitis
tenosynovitis, tendosynovitis
vaccinia, vaccina
cough, coughing
hiccup, hiccough
hiccup, singultus
nausea, sickness
queasiness, squeamishness
queasiness, qualm
spasm, cramp
crick, kink
crick, rick
crick, wrick
twitch, twitching
twitch, vellication
scar, cicatrix
scar, cicatrice
keloid, cheloid
callosity, callus
corn, clavus
fever, febrility
fever, febricity
fever, pyrexia
fever, feverishness
atrophy, wasting
giantism, gigantism
giantism, overgrowth
acromegaly, acromegalia
dyspnea, dyspnoea
nosebleed, epistaxis
constipation, irregularity
diarrhea, diarrhoea
diarrhea, looseness
dizziness, giddiness
dizziness, lightheadedness
dizziness, vertigo
anemia, anaemia
anxiety, anxiousness
hypochondria, hypochondriasis
nervousness, nerves
jitters, heebie-jeebies
tension, tenseness
tension, stress
sanity, saneness
rationality, reason
rationality, reasonableness
phonophobia, acousticophobia
craze, delirium
craze, frenzy
craze, fury
craze, hysteria
neurosis, neuroticism
neurosis, psychoneurosis
depersonalization, depersonalisation
lunacy, madness
lunacy, insaneness
dementia, dementedness
rhinophyma, rum-blossom
irrationality, unreason
derangement, unbalance
craziness, daftness
craziness, flakiness
aphonia, voicelessness
sprue, psilosis
stammer, stutter
disturbance, perturbation
disturbance, upset
fret, stew
fret, sweat
fret, lather
fret, swither
dither, pother
dither, fuss
dither, tizzy
dither, flap
blues, megrims
blues, vapors
blues, vapours
dumps, mopes
panic, scare
fit, tantrum
fit, scene
fit, conniption
irritation, annoyance
irritation, vexation
irritation, botheration
huff, miff
restlessness, impatience
enchantment, spell
enchantment, trance
fascination, captivation
predicament, quandary
predicament, plight
corner, box
fix, hole
fix, jam
fix, mess
fix, muddle
fix, pickle
stress, strain
problem, job
recognition, acknowledgment
recognition, acknowledgement
contentedness, content
apostasy, renunciation
apostasy, defection
disfavor, disfavour
excommunication, exclusion
excommunication, censure
discreteness, distinctness
discreteness, separateness
discreteness, severalty
solitude, purdah
loneliness, solitariness
insulation, insularity
insulation, insularism
insulation, detachment
alienation, estrangement
anomie, anomy
privacy, privateness
privacy, secrecy
privacy, concealment
hiddenness, covertness
dissociation, disassociation
compartmentalization, compartmentalisation
disjunction, disjuncture
disjunction, disconnection
disjunction, disconnectedness
incoherence, incoherency
union, unification
coalition, fusion
alliance, confederation
federalization, federalisation
connection, link
connection, connectedness
interconnection, interconnectedness
coherence, coherency
coherence, cohesion
coherence, cohesiveness
junction, conjunction
junction, conjugation
junction, colligation
improvement, melioration
decline, declination
neglect, disuse
renovation, restoration
renovation, refurbishment
maturity, matureness
parenthood, parentage
womanhood, muliebrity
immaturity, immatureness
post-maturity, post-menopause
callowness, jejuneness
callowness, juvenility
prematureness, prematurity
childhood, puerility
infancy, babyhood
banishment, ostracism
banishment, Coventry
grade, level
grade, tier
gradation, step
nobility, noblesse
baronetcy, barony
viscountcy, viscounty
limelight, spotlight
limelight, glare
salience, saliency
salience, strikingness
visibility, profile
importance, grandness
emphasis, accent
stress, focus
eminence, distinction
eminence, preeminence
eminence, note
prestige, prestigiousness
anonymity, namelessness
humbleness, unimportance
humbleness, obscureness
humbleness, lowliness
oblivion, limbo
honor, honour
honor, laurels
glory, glorification
fame, celebrity
fame, renown
esteem, regard
esteem, respect
repute, reputation
dishonor, dishonour
disrepute, discredit
shame, disgrace
shame, ignominy
abasement, degradation
abasement, abjection
degeneracy, degeneration
degeneracy, decadence
degeneracy, decadency
infamy, opprobrium
obloquy, opprobrium
dominance, ascendance
dominance, ascendence
dominance, ascendancy
dominance, ascendency
dominance, control
ascendant, ascendent
domination, mastery
domination, supremacy
predominance, predomination
predominance, prepotency
dominion, rule
reign, sovereignty
scepter, sceptre
absolutism, tyranny
absolutism, despotism
bane, curse
bane, scourge
bane, nemesis
comfort, comfortableness
relief, ease
reprieve, respite
solace, solacement
coziness, cosiness
coziness, snugness
discomfort, uncomfortableness
inconvenience, incommodiousness
malaise, unease
malaise, uneasiness
hangover, katzenjammer
wellbeing, well-being
wellbeing, welfare
wellbeing, upbeat
wellbeing, eudaemonia
wellbeing, eudaimonia
health, wellness
misery, wretchedness
misery, miserableness
suffering, woe
need, demand
lack, deficiency
lack, want
dearth, famine
dearth, shortage
stringency, tightness
hurry, haste
imperativeness, insistence
imperativeness, insistency
imperativeness, press
imperativeness, pressure
criticality, criticalness
criticality, cruciality
repletion, satiety
repletion, satiation
surfeit, excess
surfeit, overabundance
acariasis, acariosis
acariasis, acaridiasis
echinococcosis, hydatidosis
pediculosis, lousiness
nothingness, void
nothingness, nullity
nothingness, nihility
vacuum, vacuity
nakedness, nudity
nakedness, nudeness
raw, altogether
baldness, phalacrosis
hairlessness, depilation
dishabille, deshabille
perfection, flawlessness
polish, refinement
polish, culture
polish, cultivation
polish, finish
integrity, unity
integrity, wholeness
entirety, entireness
entirety, integrality
entirety, totality
comprehensiveness, fullness
incompleteness, rawness
imperfection, imperfectness
failing, weakness
insufficiency, inadequacy
defect, fault
defect, flaw
bug, glitch
hydrocephalus, hydrocephaly
hermaphroditism, hermaphrodism
polydactyly, hyperdactyly
syndactyly, syndactylism
defectiveness, faultiness
crudeness, crudity
crudeness, primitiveness
crudeness, primitivism
crudeness, rudeness
fortune, destiny
fortune, fate
fortune, luck
fortune, lot
fortune, circumstances
fortune, portion
prosperity, successfulness
blessing, boon
adversity, hardship
gutter, sewer
gutter, toilet
catastrophe, disaster
bankruptcy, failure
phase, form
liquid, liquidness
liquid, liquidity
solid, solidness
possibility, possibleness
conceivableness, conceivability
achievability, attainability
achievability, attainableness
potential, potentiality
potential, potency
prospect, chance
impossibility, impossibleness
inconceivability, inconceivableness
opportunity, chance
hearing, audience
shot, crack
anticipation, expectation
despair, desperation
purity, pureness
impurity, impureness
adulteration, debasement
admixture, alloy
contamination, taint
depression, slump
indebtedness, liability
wealth, wealthiness
affluence, richness
ease, comfort
luxury, luxuriousness
luxury, opulence
luxury, sumptuousness
poverty, poorness
poverty, impoverishment
privation, want
privation, deprivation
privation, neediness
indigence, need
indigence, penury
indigence, pauperism
indigence, pauperization
beggary, mendicancy
beggary, mendicity
impecuniousness, pennilessness
impecuniousness, penuriousness
asepsis, antisepsis
asepsis, sterility
asepsis, sterileness
filth, filthiness
filth, foulness
filth, nastiness
spotlessness, immaculateness
orderliness, order
kilter, kelter
neatness, spruceness
trim, trimness
dirtiness, uncleanness
dirt, filth
dirt, grime
dirt, soil
dirt, stain
dirt, grease
dirt, grunge
befoulment, defilement
befoulment, pollution
dinginess, dinge
griminess, grubbiness
smuttiness, sootiness
sordidness, squalor
sordidness, squalidness
disorderliness, disorder
sloppiness, slovenliness
sloppiness, unkemptness
mess, messiness
mess, muss
mess, mussiness
disorganization, disorganisation
disorganization, disarrangement
clutter, jumble
clutter, muddle
clutter, fuddle
clutter, welter
clutter, smother
normality, normalcy
commonness, expectedness
abnormality, abnormalcy
atypicality, untypicality
aberrance, aberrancy
aberrance, aberration
aberrance, deviance
deflection, warp
kyphosis, humpback
kyphosis, hunchback
lordosis, hollow-back
anomaly, anomalousness
cross-eye, esotropia
dwarfism, nanism
phenylketonuria, PKU
obstruction, blockage
tamponade, tamponage
ateleiosis, ateliosis
macrocephaly, megacephaly
macrocephaly, megalocephaly
microcephaly, microcephalus
microcephaly, nanocephaly
poisoning, intoxication
context, circumstance
context, setting
setting, background
setting, scope
canvas, canvass
milieu, surroundings
sphere, domain
sphere, area
sphere, orbit
sphere, field
sphere, arena
kingdom, land
kingdom, realm
province, responsibility
miasma, miasm
smog, smogginess
climate, clime
low, depression
fog, fogginess
fog, murk
fog, murkiness
mildness, clemency
balminess, softness
stillness, windlessness
lull, quiet
breeziness, windiness
choppiness, roughness
cloudiness, overcast
climate, mood
atmosphere, ambiance
atmosphere, ambience
gloom, gloominess
gloom, glumness
bleakness, desolation
bleakness, bareness
bleakness, nakedness
miasma, miasm
spirit, tone
spirit, feel
spirit, feeling
spirit, flavor
spirit, flavour
spirit, look
spirit, smell
unsusceptibility, immunity
immunity, resistance
exemption, freedom
susceptibility, susceptibleness
ratability, rateability
capability, capacity
retroversion, retroflection
retroversion, retroflexion
sensitivity, predisposition
sensitization, sensitisation
cryesthesia, cryaesthesia
wateriness, muddiness
wateriness, sloppiness
moisture, wet
humidity, humidness
damp, dampness
damp, moistness
dankness, clamminess
dryness, waterlessness
dryness, xerotes
dehydration, desiccation
drought, drouth
aridity, aridness
aridity, thirstiness
xeroderma, xerodermia
xerophthalmia, xerophthalmus
xerophthalmia, xeroma
invulnerability, impregnability
indemnity, insurance
protection, shelter
hazardousness, perilousness
hazard, jeopardy
hazard, peril
hazard, risk
hazard, endangerment
menace, threat
riskiness, peril
vulnerability, exposure
tension, tensity
tension, tenseness
tension, tautness
tonicity, tonus
tonicity, tone
atonicity, atony
atonicity, atonia
atonicity, amyotonia
laxness, laxity
condition, shape
seaworthiness, fitness
unfitness, softness
infirmity, frailty
infirmity, debility
infirmity, feebleness
infirmity, frailness
infirmity, valetudinarianism
asthenia, astheny
cachexia, cachexy
cachexia, wasting
disability, disablement
disability, handicap
disability, impairment
lameness, limping
lameness, gimp
lameness, gimpiness
lameness, gameness
lameness, claudication
hyperacusis, hyperacusia
deaf-mutism, deaf-muteness
mutism, muteness
myopia, nearsightedness
myopia, shortsightedness
astigmatism, astigmia
hyperopia, hypermetropia
hyperopia, hypermetropy
hyperopia, farsightedness
hyperopia, longsightedness
hemianopia, hemianopsia
presbyopia, farsightedness
snowblindness, snow-blindness
strabismus, squint
walleye, exotropia
torticollis, wryneck
dysfunction, disfunction
paralysis, palsy
nephroptosis, nephroptosia
prolapse, prolapsus
prolapse, descensus
hypoesthesia, hypesthesia
putrefaction, rot
putrescence, putridness
putrescence, rottenness
putrescence, corruption
decomposition, disintegration
deterioration, impairment
devastation, desolation
ruin, ruination
decrepitude, dilapidation
end, destruction
end, death
iniquity, wickedness
iniquity, darkness
iniquity, dark
light, illumination
revocation, annulment
scleroderma, dermatosclerosis
carotenemia, xanthemia
polyvalence, polyvalency
polyvalence, polyvalency
polyvalence, multivalence
polyvalence, multivalency
orphanage, orphanhood
viremia, viraemia
brutalization, brutalisation
hypertonia, hypertonus
hypertonia, hypertonicity
hypotonia, hypotonus
hypotonia, hypotonicity
ionization, ionisation
mechanization, mechanisation
scandalization, scandalisation
urbanization, urbanisation
material, stuff
impurity, dross
actinoid, actinide
actinoid, actinon
pyrogen, pyrectic
alkapton, alcapton
atom, molecule
atom, particle
atom, corpuscle
atom, mote
atom, speck
floccule, floc
alloy, metal
acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene, ABS
plasticizer, plasticiser
Lucite, Perspex
Plexiglas, plexiglass
polyethylene, polythene
styrene, cinnamene
styrene, phenylethylene
styrene, vinylbenzene
Teflon, polytetrafluoroethylene
acaricide, acaracide
acetate, ethanoate
dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, DDT
acetone, propanone
acetylene, ethyne
acetylene, alkyne
chlorofluorocarbon, CFC
dopa, dihydroxyphenylalanine
L-dopa, levodopa
L-dopa, Bendopa
L-dopa, Brocadopa
L-dopa, Larodopa
hydrochlorofluorocarbon, HCFC
adulterant, adulterator
base, alkali
bromoform, tribromomethane
fluoroform, trifluoromethane
iodoform, tri-iodomethane
group, radical
buckminsterfullerene, buckyball
actinium, Ac
aluminum, aluminium
aluminum, Al
americium, Am
antimony, Sb
argon, Ar
arsenic, As
astatine, At
barium, Ba
berkelium, Bk
beryllium, Be
beryllium, glucinium
bismuth, Bi
bohrium, Bh
boron, B
bromine, Br
cadmium, Cd
calcium, Ca
californium, Cf
carbon, C
cerium, Ce
cesium, caesium
cesium, Cs
chlorine, Cl
chromium, Cr
cobalt, Co
copper, Cu
curium, Cm
darmstadtium, Ds
dubnium, Db
dubnium, hahnium
dysprosium, Dy
einsteinium, Es
einsteinium, E
erbium, Er
europium, Eu
fermium, Fm
fluorine, F
francium, Fr
gadolinium, Gd
gallium, Ga
germanium, Ge
gold, Au
hafnium, Hf
hassium, Hs
helium, He
holmium, Ho
hydrogen, H
indium, In
iodine, iodin
iodine, I
iridium, Ir
iron, Fe
krypton, Kr
lanthanum, La
lawrencium, Lr
lead, Pb
lithium, Li
lutetium, lutecium
lutetium, Lu
magnesium, Mg
manganese, Mn
meitnerium, Mt
mendelevium, Md
mendelevium, Mv
mercury, quicksilver
mercury, hydrargyrum
mercury, Hg
molybdenum, Mo
neodymium, Nd
neon, Ne
neptunium, Np
nickel, Ni
niobium, Nb
nitrogen, N
nobelium, No
osmium, Os
oxygen, O
palladium, Pd
phosphorus, P
platinum, Pt
plutonium, Pu
polonium, Po
potassium, K
praseodymium, Pr
promethium, Pm
protactinium, protoactinium
protactinium, Pa
radium, Ra
radon, Rn
rhenium, Re
rhodium, Rh
roentgenium, Rg
rubidium, Rb
ruthenium, Ru
rutherfordium, Rf
rutherfordium, unnilquadium
rutherfordium, Unq
samarium, Sm
scandium, Sc
seaborgium, Sg
selenium, Se
silicon, Si
silver, Ag
sodium, Na
strontium, Sr
sulfur, S
sulfur, sulphur
tantalum, Ta
technetium, Tc
tellurium, Te
terbium, Tb
thallium, Tl
thorium, Th
thorium-228, radiothorium
thulium, Tm
tin, Sn
titanium, Ti
tungsten, wolfram
tungsten, W
ununbium, Uub
ununhexium, Uuh
ununpentium, Uup
ununquadium, Uuq
ununtrium, Uut
uranium, U
vanadium, V
xenon, Xe
ytterbium, Yb
yttrium, Y
zinc, Zn
zirconium, Zr
arsenopyrite, mispickel
bastnasite, bastnaesite
columbite-tantalite, coltan
corundom, corundum
fluorite, fluorspar
fluorite, fluor
gadolinite, ytterbite
almandite, almandine
goethite, gothite
greaves, crackling
hemimorphite, calamine
kyanite, cyanite
meerschaum, sepiolite
mica, isinglass
nepheline, nephelite
niobite, columbite
gasoline, gasolene
gasoline, gas
gasoline, petrol
kerosene, kerosine
oroide, oreide
osmiridium, iridosmine
periclase, magnesia
proenzyme, zymogen
propellant, propellent
pyrrhotite, pyrrhotine
subsoil, undersoil
rock, stone
marlite, marlstone
hornfels, hornstone
gem, gemstone
gem, stone
grit, gritrock
grit, gritstone
birdlime, lime
glue, gum
glue, mucilage
sealant, sealer
lute, luting
size, sizing
adenine, A
Alar, daminozide
acetaldehyde, ethanal
acetamide, ethanamide
aldol, aldehyde-alcohol
alkene, olefine
alkene, olefin
xanthophyll, xanthophyl
xanthophyll, lutein
catalyst, accelerator
sensitizer, sensitiser
gelatin, gelatine
albumin, albumen
keratin, ceratin
cyclooxygenase, Cox
cyclooxygenase-1, Cox-1
cyclooxygenase-2, Cox-2
amine, aminoalkane
kinin, cytokinin
progesterone, Lipo-Lutin
norethindrone, norethandrolone
norethindrone, Norlutin
medroxyprogesterone, Provera
progestin, progestogen
nandrolone, Durabolin
nandrolone, Kabolin
prolactin, luteotropin
estrogen, oestrogen
diethylstilbestrol, diethylstilboestrol
diethylstilbestrol, stilbestrol
diethylstilbestrol, stilboestrol
diethylstilbestrol, DES
estradiol, oestradiol
estriol, oestriol
estrone, oestrone
estrone, theelin
estrone, Estronol
corticosteroid, corticoid
hydrocortisone, cortisol
hydrocortisone, Hydrocortone
hydrocortisone, Cortef
prednisolone, Pediapred
prednisolone, Prelone
prednisone, Orasone
prednisone, Deltasone
prednisone, Meticorten
dexamethasone, Decadron
dexamethasone, Dexone
dexamethasone, Hexadrol
dexamethasone, Oradexon
spironolactone, Aldactone
aniline, aminobenzine
aniline, phenylamine
anil, indigo
anil, indigotin
bilirubin, hematoidin
bilirubin, haematoidin
urobilinogen, stercobilinogen
dentine, dentin
ivory, tusk
whalebone, baleen
mother-of-pearl, nacre
parchment, sheepskin
parchment, lambskin
hide, fell
caffeine, caffein
calf, calfskin
cassava, manioc
cassava, manioca
chamois, chammy
chamois, shammy
cowhide, cowskin
kid, kidskin
sheepskin, fleece
fur, pelt
lapin, rabbit
seal, sealskin
arsenic, ratsbane
asafetida, asafoetida
phenothiazine, thiodiphenylamine
bactericide, bacteriacide
beebread, ambrosia
benzene, benzine
benzene, benzol
lansoprazole, Prevacid
omeprazole, Prilosec
antacid, alkalizer
antacid, alkaliser
antacid, antiacid
desiccant, drier
desiccant, siccative
oxidant, oxidizer
oxidant, oxidiser
bloodstone, heliotrope
butylene, butene
polybutylene, polybutene
cacodyl, tetramethyldiarsine
calcium-cyanamide, cyanamide
carbohydrate, saccharide
carbohydrate, sugar
pyroxylin, pyroxyline
graphite, plumbago
chokedamp, blackdamp
abrasive, abradant
paperboard, posterboard
carnelian, cornelian
carrageenin, carrageenan
chaff, husk
chaff, shuck
chaff, stalk
chaff, straw
chaff, stubble
chalcedony, calcedony
serotonin, 5-hydroxytryptamine
chloropicrin, nitrochloroform
coagulant, coagulator
constantan, Eureka
insulator, dielectric
insulator, nonconductor
contaminant, contamination
phellem, cork
creatine, creatin
cyanamide, cyanamid
nitrile, nitril
nitrile, cyanide
cytosine, C
ribonuclease, ribonucleinase
ribonuclease, RNase
diamond, adamant
dilutant, diluent
dilutant, thinner
diol, glycol
distillate, distillation
exhaust, fumes
dopamine, Dopastat
dopamine, Intropin
halitus, exhalation
earth, ground
bister, bistre
ocher, ochre
sinopis, sinopia
sinopis, sinoper
soil, dirt
caliche, hardpan
water, H2O
quintessence, ether
formalin, formol
gargle, mouthwash
infusion, extract
injection, injectant
ethane, C2H6
ethylene, ethene
trichloroethylene, trichloroethane
trichloroethylene, TCE
discharge, emission
exudate, exudation
transudate, transudation
crap, dirt
crap, shit
crap, shite
crap, poop
crap, turd
droppings, dung
droppings, muck
melena, melaena
urine, piss
urine, pee
urine, piddle
urine, weewee
urine, water
vomit, vomitus
vomit, puke
vomit, barf
filth, crud
filth, skank
sewage, sewerage
effluent, wastewater
garbage, refuse
garbage, scraps
rubbish, trash
rubbish, scrap
debris, dust
debris, junk
debris, rubble
debris, detritus
fertilizer, fertiliser
gallamine, Flaxedil
proprionamide, propanamide
feldspar, felspar
plagioclase, oligoclase
fiberglass, fibreglass
fiber, fibre
fibril, filament
fibril, strand
filling, fill
formaldehyde, methanal
formulation, preparation
frankincense, olibanum
frankincense, thus
fructose, levulose
fructose, laevulose
furan, furane
furan, furfuran
furfural, furfuraldehyde
enantiomorph, enantiomer
dextrose, dextroglucose
glyceride, acylglycerol
glycerol, glycerin
glycerol, glycerine
glycerite, glycerole
glycerogelatin, glycerogel
nitroglycerin, nitroglycerine
nitroglycerin, trinitroglycerin
nitroglycerin, Nitrospan
nitroglycerin, Nitrostat
hemoprotein, haemoprotein
lubricant, lubricator
lubricant, lube
guanine, G
attar, atar
attar, athar
attar, ottar
turpentine, turps
resin, rosin
copalite, copaline
dammar, damar
benzoin, benjamin
benzofuran, coumarone
benzofuran, cumarone
agar, agar-agar
polyurethane, polyurethan
hematite, haematite
hemolysin, haemolysin
hemolysin, erythrolysin
hemolysin, erythrocytolysin
herbicide, weedkiller
hyacinth, jacinth
hyaline, hyalin
hyaluronidase, Hyazyme
pitch, tar
hydrofluorocarbon, HFC
frost, hoar
frost, hoarfrost
frost, rime
imidazole, iminazole
imidazole, glyoxaline
inoculant, inoculum
repellent, repellant
repellent, repellant
invertase, saccharase
invertase, sucrase
jade, jadestone
jargoon, jargon
lactase, Lactaid
tuff, tufa
tufa, calc-tufa
batholith, batholite
batholith, pluton
massicot, massicotite
leaven, leavening
rottenstone, tripoli
linoleum, lino
lipid, lipide
lipid, lipoid
lodestone, loadstone
lumber, timber
lysozyme, muramidase
macromolecule, supermolecule
manila, manilla
matchwood, splinters
megilp, magilp
melamine, cyanuramide
mold, mould
monosaccharide, monosaccharose
mud, clay
slop, mire
sludge, slime
sludge, goo
sludge, goop
sludge, gook
sludge, guck
sludge, gunk
sludge, muck
sludge, ooze
myelin, myeline
myelin, medulla
sarin, GB
newspaper, newsprint
nucleotide, base
onionskin, flimsy
oxalacetate, oxaloacetate
pad, tablet
papier-mache, paper-mache
ola, olla
blacktop, blacktopping
tarmacadam, tarmac
parget, pargeting
parget, pargetting
paving, pavement
penicillinase, beta-lactamase
perfluorocarbon, PFC
petroleum, crude
petroleum, oil
phosphate, orthophosphate
plasmin, fibrinolysin
dye, dyestuff
alizarin, alizarine
bluing, blueing
bluing, blue
eosin, bromeosin
fluorescein, fluoresceine
fluorescein, resorcinolphthalein
orchil, archil
orchil, cudbear
watercolor, water-color
watercolor, watercolour
watercolor, water-colour
podzol, podsol
polysaccharide, polyose
polypropylene, polypropene
powder, pulverization
powder, pulverisation
propanal, propionaldehyde
propenal, acrolein
propenoate, acrylate
propenonitrile, acrylonitrile
propylene, propene
protease, peptidase
protease, proteinase
ptomaine, ptomain
quinone, benzoquinone
safranine, safranin
safranine, saffranine
raffia, raphia
raveling, ravelling
rennin, chymosin
retinene, retinal
rubber, caoutchouc
ruddle, reddle
ruddle, raddle
rain, rainwater
seawater, saltwater
seawater, brine
bichromate, dichromate
caulk, caulking
gunpowder, powder
dichloride, bichloride
sard, sardine
sard, sardius
platelet, thrombocyte
hemoglobin, haemoglobin
hemoglobin, Hb
oxyhemoglobin, oxyhaemoglobin
heme, haem
heme, hematin
heme, haemitin
heme, protoheme
hemin, protohemin
globin, hematohiston
globin, haematohiston
scleroprotein, albuminoid
hemosiderin, haemosiderin
antivenin, antivenene
isoantibody, alloantibody
infliximab, Remicade
immunoglobulin, Ig
poison, toxicant
piperin, piperine
fetoprotein, foetoprotein
anatoxin, toxoid
botulin, botulismotoxin
neurotoxin, neurolysin
shingle, shake
siderite, chalybite
slag, scoria
slag, dross
slate, slating
soapstone, soaprock
soapstone, soap-rock
soapstone, steatite
solvent, dissolvent
solvent, dissolver
solvent, resolvent
viricide, virucide
alkahest, alcahest
spiegeleisen, spiegel
Ceylonite, pleonaste
starch, amylum
cornstarch, cornflour
vapor, vapour
soman, GD
spindrift, spoondrift
sternutator, sternutatory
nonsteroid, nonsteroidal
cholesterol, cholesterin
digitalis, digitalin
sucrose, saccharose
jaggery, jagghery
jaggery, jaggary
sulfate, sulphate
sulfide, sulphide
sunstone, aventurine
sylvite, sylvine
tabun, GA
talc, talcum
tenderizer, tenderiser
tetryl, nitramine
thickening, thickener
thromboplastin, thrombokinase
proconvertin, cothromboplastin
thymine, T
deoxycytidine, cytidine
deoxyguanosine, guanosine
deoxythymidine, thymidine
thyrotropin, thyrotrophin
thyrotropin, TSH
toluene, methylbenzene
tombac, tombak
tombac, tambac
transaminase, aminotransferase
transaminase, aminopherase
transferrin, siderophilin
triamcinolone, Aristocort
triamcinolone, Aristopak
triamcinolone, Kenalog
triolein, olein
tryptophan, tryptophane
uracil, U
uraninite, pitchblende
urea, carbamide
tophus, chalkstone
linseed, flaxseed
vesuvianite, vesuvian
vesuvianite, idocrase
cerumen, earwax
softwood, deal
brand, firebrand
igniter, ignitor
igniter, lighter
kindling, tinder
kindling, touchwood
kindling, spunk
kindling, punk
board, plank
chipboard, hardboard
clapboard, weatherboard
clapboard, weatherboarding
xylene, xylol
yeast, barm
yellowcake, U308
chabazite, chabasite
tubocurarine, curare
vesicant, vesicatory
present, nowadays
past, yesteryear
future, hereafter
future, futurity
Holocene, Recent
Archean, Archeozoic
Archean, Archaeozoic
Hadean, Priscoan
duration, continuance
duration, continuance
stretch, stint
workweek, week
vacation, holiday
playtime, playday
life, lifetime
life, life-time
life, lifespan
days, years
millennium, millenary
bimillennium, bimillenary
incipiency, incipience
death, last
death, dying
death, demise
afterlife, hereafter
age, eld
infancy, babyhood
girlhood, maidenhood
girlhood, maidhood
schooldays, schooltime
puberty, pubescence
twenties, mid-twenties
twenties, 1920s
thirties, mid-thirties
thirties, thirty-something
thirties, 1930s
forties, mid-forties
forties, 1940s
fifties, mid-fifties
fifties, 1950s
sixties, mid-sixties
sixties, 1960s
seventies, mid-seventies
seventies, 1970s
eighties, mid-eighties
eighties, 1980s
eighties, 1880s
nineties, mid-nineties
nineties, 1990s
nineties, 1890s
minority, nonage
adulthood, maturity
dotage, senility
menopause, climacteric
Succoth, Sukkoth
Succoth, Succos
Succoth, Tabernacles
Sunday, Dominicus
Sunday, Sun
Monday, Mon
Tuesday, Tues
Wednesday, Midweek
Wednesday, Wed
Thursday, Th
Friday, Fri
Saturday, Sabbatum
Saturday, Sat
day, daytime
day, daylight
morning, morn
morning, forenoon
noon, midday
noon, noonday
noon, noontide
dinnertime, suppertime
evening, eve
evening, even
evening, eventide
night, nighttime
night, dark
dawn, dawning
dawn, morning
dawn, aurora
dawn, daybreak
dawn, dayspring
dawn, sunrise
dawn, sunup
dawn, cockcrow
sunset, sundown
twilight, dusk
twilight, gloaming
twilight, gloam
twilight, nightfall
twilight, evenfall
twilight, fall
twilight, crepuscule
twilight, crepuscle
week, hebdomad
distance, space
embolism, intercalation
anachronism, mistiming
anachronism, misdating
Halloween, Hallowe'en
Pasch, Pascha
Pasch, Pascha
Passover, Pesach
Passover, Pesah
Christmas, Xmas
Christmas, Christmastide
Christmas, Christmastime
Christmas, Yule
Christmas, Yuletide
Christmas, Noel
Shavous, Shabuoth
Shavous, Shavuoth
Shavous, Shavuot
Shavous, Pentecost
Hanukkah, Hanukah
Hanukkah, Hannukah
Hanukkah, Chanukah
Hanukkah, Chanukkah
Hanukkah, Channukah
Hanukkah, Channukkah
school, schooltime
year, twelvemonth
year, yr
decade, decennary
decade, decennium
January, Jan
February, Feb
March, Mar
April, Apr
August, Aug
September, Sep
September, Sept
October, Oct
November, Nov
December, Dec
Kislev, Chislev
Tebet, Tevet
Shebat, Shevat
Nisan, Nissan
Iyar, Iyyar
Sivan, Siwan
Tammuz, Thammuz
Ab, Av
Elul, Ellul
Muharram, Moharram
Muharram, Muharrum
Safar, Saphar
Sha'ban, Shaaban
Dhu'l-Hijja, Dhu'l-Hijjah
Chait, Caitra
Baisakh, Vaisakha
Jeth, Jyaistha
Asarh, Asadha
Sawan, Sravana
Bhadon, Bhadrapada
Asin, Asvina
Kartik, Karttika
Aghan, Margasivsa
Pus, Pansa
Magh, Magha
Phagun, Phalguna
Noruz, Nowruz
Noruz, Nowrooz
hour, hr
terce, tierce
vespers, evensong
compline, complin
minute, min
second, sec
second, s
millisecond, msec
fall, autumn
spring, springtime
summer, summertime
winter, wintertime
Lent, Lententide
Pentecost, Whitsunday
Whitsun, Whitsuntide
Whitsun, Whitweek
eon, aeon
eon, aeon
eternity, infinity
drought, drouth
moment, minute
moment, second
moment, instant
while, piece
while, spell
while, patch
moment, mo
moment, minute
moment, second
moment, bit
era, epoch
semicentennial, semicentenary
centennial, centenary
bicentennial, bicentenary
tercentennial, tercentenary
tercentennial, triennial
quatercentennial, quatercentenary
quincentennial, quincentenary
millennium, millenary
bimillennium, bimillenary
chukker, chukka
inning, frame
turn, bout
turn, round
Renaissance, Renascence
tempo, pacing
beginning, commencement
beginning, first
beginning, outset
beginning, get-go
beginning, start
beginning, kickoff
beginning, showtime
beginning, offset
presidency, administration
end, ending
termination, expiration
termination, expiry
pause, intermission
pause, break
pause, interruption
pause, suspension
delay, hold
delay, postponement
delay, wait
interim, meantime
interim, meanwhile
interim, lag
sleep, nap
respite, rest
respite, relief
letup, lull
breath, breather
birthrate, fertility
birthrate, natality
deathrate, mortality
frequency, frequence
frequency, oftenness
gigahertz, GHz
gigahertz, gigacycle
gigahertz, Gc
hertz, Hz
hertz, cycles/second
hertz, cps
hertz, cycle
kilohertz, kHz
kilohertz, kilocycle
kilohertz, kc
megahertz, MHz
megahertz, megacycle
megahertz, Mc
terahertz, THz
pace, gait
speed, velocity
tempo, pace
cycle, rhythm
cycle, round
phase, stage
apogee, culmination
tenure, incumbency
go, spell
go, tour
go, turn
enlistment, hitch
enlistment, tour
novitiate, noviciate
flower, prime
flower, peak
flower, heyday
flower, bloom
flower, blossom
flower, efflorescence
flower, flush
shiva, shivah
shiva, shibah
9/11, 9-11
